Temporal and Spatial Analysis of Street Crime in Inner London
-------------------------------------------------------------

### 1. Introduction

The Metropolitan Police operate across 32 boroughs within Greater London
and aim to make London the safest global city. To this end, an
accessible method allowing both residents and tourists to check where
crime hotspots are located would allow them to make informed decisions
about where they go and encourage preventative action. This would be a
useful service for the Met Police to promote with the aim of reducing
opportunistic crimes by raising awareness of the highest risk areas.

For locals, this may be in the context of checking incidences of bicycle
theft to identify where is best to lock up your bike, or hotspots for
burglaries when looking to rent or purchase property. This may also be
useful for tourists visiting the city to flag if they are in a higher
risk area.

This project aims to address several key questions:

1.  Is crime on the increase or decrease in central London?

2.  Is the frequency of specific crimes reducing or increasing on an
    annual basis?

3.  Is there any seasonal variation in the frequency of crimes?

4.  Are certain crimes more prevalent in certain areas - where are these
    'hotspots'?

5.  Create a visualisation allowing easy identification of risk level to
    a certain crime

6.  Can correlations be made between crime occurrences and other
    indicators e.g. employment levels?

7.  Can time series forecasting be used to estimate occurence of crime
    in the future?

### 2. Data acquisition

Datasets for street level crime in England, Wales and Northern Ireland
are available at (<https://data.police.uk/docs/method/crime-street/>).
Data is reported monthly and is available from December 2010 to March
2017 at present. All the data on this site is made available under the
Open Government License v3.0.

There is an associated API which can efficiently and rapidly provide a
rich data source of information. The API is implemented as a standard
JSON web service using HTTP GET and POST requests.

**Example API Request**
<https://data.police.uk/api/crimes-street/all-crime?poly=52.268,0.543:52.794,0.238:52.130,0.478&date=2013-01>

To keep the size of the dataset manageable an area over central London
was initially defined. The *poly* parameter identifies the polygon
within which data is extracted and is formatted in lat/lng pairs,
separated by colons:

poly=\[lat\],\[lng\]:\[lat\],\[lng\]:\[lat\],\[lng\]:\[lat\],\[lng\]

The date also needs to be specified or the most recent month will be
returned. The limit of a custom search area is 10,000 crimes, if it
contains more than this the API will return a 503 status code.

Location data is only referencing the approximate location using
'anonymous' map points. This is to protect the privacy of the victim.
The date of occurence is also truncated to record only month and year
for the same reason.

The API was initially used to acquire the full dataset (*crime11to17*)
from December 2011 to March 2017 for central London as defined by a
polygon with corners: 51.514,-0.225 - Shepherds Bush 51.484,-0.225 -
South Hammersmith 51.484,-0.105 - Kennington 51.514,-0.105 - Temple

It was subsequently used to acquire the 2016 crime data for a
significantly larger area covering all the inner London boroughs
(*central2016*). These are Camden, Greenwich, Hackney, Hammersmith and
Fulham, Islington, Kensington and Chelsea, Lambeth, Lewisham, Southwark,
Tower Hamlets, Wandsworth and Westminster. 17 individual polygons were
requird to prevent the call limit of 10,000 being exceeded. There were
then combined during the data wrangling process and filtered to remove
the crimes that fell outside those boroughs.

### 3. Important fields and information

Variable names, types and number of observations were reviewed using
`glimpse()` on the original crime11to17 dataframe. This reveals 11
variables - 6 characters, 3 numerics (1 integer, 2 double precision) and
2 factors. There are 498,628 observations in total.

The following variables are returned: **category**, location\_type,
context, persistent\_id, id, location\_subtype, **month**, **latitude**,
**longitude**, outcome\_status\_category, outcome\_status\_data. The key
fields for this study are in **bold**.

There are 15 different types of crime recorded in the **category**
variable. Month and year are available but not day due to the police
anonymisation process. Latitude and longitude are provided as
geographical coordinates in decimal degrees. Location data is only
referencing the approximate location using 'anonymous' map points.

The central2016 dataframe had 696,844 observations prior to filtering by
the inner boroughs, and 447,418 observations post filtering. It contains
two additional variables: **borough** and **census code**.

### 4. Data limitations

The main limitations that have been identified with the dataset are:

-   Anonymistation of the data means the locations are fixed to a 'map
    point' and jittering is required to make all the events visible,
    although as the dataset gets larger it is not possible to create an
    effective map visualisation of individual crimes.

-   Anonymisation also means no day/time is provided so it is not
    possible to analyse potential relationships on a weekly scale with
    certain crimes.

-   It has been difficult to integrate other datasets relating to
    indicators at a Borough level as the data was downloaded using the
    API over a polygon area of central London which encompasses parts of
    Westminster, Camden, Lambeth and Southwark. As the project
    progressed, it became clear that a dataset covering a large, clearly
    defined area would be needed. GIS data was used to filter the large
    dataset, and remove all crimes which did not fall within one of the
    inner boroughs.

-   City of London is not included in this study as it is has its own
    police force and therefore the data is stored separately. The white
    blob in the centre of plots indicates its location.

### 5. Data cleaning and wrangling

The following packages were loaded in preparation for data wrangling:
`readr`, `dplyr`, `tidyr` and `lubridate`.

They key data wrangling steps were applied to crime11to17 and
central2016:

-   Convert `category` and `location_type` to factor using
    `as.factor()`.

-   Several of the variables contained no useful data for a
    civilian user. The variables `context`, `persistent_id`, `id` and
    `location_subtype` were removed with `select()` and variable names
    for `category` and `location_type` were changed to `crime_type` and
    `service` respectively, to make the dataset clearer using
    `rename()`.

-   Checked columns for missing values using
    `sapply(crime11to17, function(x) sum(is.na(x)))`. Only the
    `outcome_status_category` and `outcome_status_date` contain NA
    values and there is no plan to use these in the scope of the
    current project.

-   Use the `lubridate` functions `year()` and `month()` to create new
    columns called `year` and `month` from the original 'month' variable
    which was in format y-m.

-   Create dataframe for monthly crime statistics. Abbreviate the
    `crime_type` into new variable called `crime_abb` to improve data
    visualisations using `case_when()` function nested within
    `mutate()`. The `group_by()` function is then used to sort by
    `year`, `month` and `crime_abb`. `summarize()` is used to get a
    count for each of the new groupings.

-   For crime11to17, the process was repeated for annual crime
    statistics from 2011 to 2016, with 2017 removed as only a
    partial year.

-   Dataframes for seasonal crime were created using case\_when() to
    assign Spring (March to May), Summer (June to August), Autumn
    (September to November) or Winter (December to February) to a new
    **season** variable. Removed Mar-2017 from analysis as not
    sufficient data to constitute a full season.

-   The 2016 inner borough dataset was subset to include only the crimes
    which occured within the 12 borough outlines using the `sp` package
    and GIS files of borough outlines.

-   Save dataframes created using saveRDS for loading into
    analysis section.

### 6. Data Investigation

#### 6.1 Central 2011-2017 Dataset

Initially the 2011-2017 dataset for central London was explored.The most
prevalent crime in this period was anti-social-behaviour. This accounted
for 23% of total recorded crime. The majority of the records are from
the Police Force but a small portion were submitted by the British
Transport Police who operate on the railways. These records account for
only 4.3%. It would be interesting to explore the annual variation in
street crimes using a bar chart. The total crimes per year are
calculated using `group_by(year)` and `summarize(Count=n())`. 2017 is
removed using `filter()`.

    library(readr)
    library(ggplot2)
    library(dplyr)
    library(tidyr)
    library(lubridate)
    library(scales)
    library(rgdal)
    library(broom)
    library(classInt)
    library(KernSmooth)
    library(RColorBrewer)
    library(leaflet)
    library(sp)
    library(maptools)
    library(rgdal)
    library(rgeos)

    crime11to17 <- readRDS("crime11to17.rds")
    monthly.crime <- readRDS("monthlycrime.rds")
    annual.crime <- readRDS("annualcrime.rds")
    seasonal.crime <- readRDS("seasonalcrime.rds")
    total.year <- crime11to17 %>% 
      group_by(year) %>%
      summarize(Count=n()) %>%
      filter(year != 2017) %>%
      as.data.frame()

    ggplot(total.year, aes(x = year, y = Count)) +
      geom_col(col = "blue")

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-2-1.png)

The abbreviations used are as follows:

<table>
<thead>
<tr class="header">
<th>Abbreviation</th>
<th>Crime</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>ASB</td>
<td>Anti-social behaviour</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>BT</td>
<td>Bicycle theft</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>BU</td>
<td>Burglary</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>CDA</td>
<td>Criminal damage and arson</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>DR</td>
<td>Drugs</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>OC</td>
<td>Other crime</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>OT</td>
<td>Other theft</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>PDW</td>
<td>Public disorder weapons</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>PO</td>
<td>Public order</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>PoW</td>
<td>Possesion of weapons</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>RO</td>
<td>Robbery</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>SL</td>
<td>Shoplifting</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>TP</td>
<td>Theft from the person</td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>VEC</td>
<td>Vehicle crime</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>VIC</td>
<td>Violent crime</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Recorded annual street crime has been decreasing each year in London
since 2011. There was a significant decrease between 2012 and 2013 of
11.8% and subsequent years show a reduction with a shallower negative
gradient. The variation of specific crime frequency over time is
displayed using a bar chart and a line plot with the `annual.crime`
dataframe as input.

    ggplot(annual.crime) +
      geom_bar(stat="identity",aes(x = year, y = Count,fill = crime_abb)) +
      theme(panel.grid = element_blank())

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-3-1.png)

    ggplot(annual.crime, aes(x = year, y = Count)) +
      geom_point(aes(col = crime_abb)) +
      geom_line(aes(col = crime_abb)) +
      theme(panel.grid = element_blank(), axis.line = element_line(colour = "black"))

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-4-1.png)

Three categories have shown a strong decrease between 2011 and 2016 -
other crime, other theft and anti-social behaviour. The anonymously
large drop between 2011 and 2012 for other crime, and large increase of
other theft between 2012 and 2013 may suggest a change in
recording/reporting. Worryingly, violent crime displays a steady
increase from 2013 onwards.

The `monthly.crime` dataframe is used to investigate time series.
Initially, the date column needs to be set to the correct format using
Lubridate.

    monthly.crime <- monthly.crime %>% 
      unite(date, month, year, sep = "-", remove = FALSE)
    monthly.crime$date <- paste0("01-", monthly.crime$date) 
    monthly.crime$date <- dmy(monthly.crime$date)

A time series is plotted using geom\_area() which stacks time series at
each point. The colour scale for the crime categories is manually set
using a vector due to the large number of categories.

    crime.col <- c("ASB" = "sienna", "BT" = "red3", "BU" = "orange", "CDA" = "yellow", "DR" = "lightgreen", "OC" = "limegreen", "OT" = "green", "PDW" = "olivedrab", "PO" = "royalblue", "PoW" = "lightblue", "RO" = "aquamarine", "SL" = "lightpink", "TP" = "violet", "VEC" = "deeppink", "VIC" = "grey")

    ggplot(monthly.crime, aes(x = date,  y = Count, fill = crime_abb)) +
      geom_area() +
      scale_fill_manual(values = crime.col)

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-7-1.png)

This illustrates the changing classification of crimes over time and
suggests there was a drive to classify 'other crimes' into different
categories. 'Other theft' did not exist prior to late 2011 and seems to
increase by a similar degree to the decrease in 'other crime'. Several
other categories are added at this point: drugs, shoplifting, criminal
damage and arson, and public disorder weapons. The final tranche of
categories were introduced in early 2013 - public order, bicycle theft
and theft from the person. By early 2017, the other-crime category was
used only minimally.

A plot is created using geom\_bar() which suggests anti-social behaviour
peaks each summer, but due to the scale used it is difficult to analyse
it further.

    ggplot(monthly.crime) +
      geom_bar(stat="identity",aes(x = date, y = Count,fill = crime_abb)) +
      theme(panel.grid = element_blank(), axis.line = element_line(colour = "black")) +
      xlab("Date") +
      ylab("Count") +
      scale_fill_manual(values = crime.col)

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-8-1.png)

A heatmap can be used to get an overview of seasonal variation across
all crime categories.

    ggplot(monthly.crime,aes(x=crime_abb,y=month,fill=Count))+
      geom_tile(aes(fill=Count))

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-9-1.png)

This clearly demonstrates the seasonal fluctuations in anti-social
behaviour, with peaks each summer. Bicycle crime and violent crime also
appear to be more common in May-July. Most other crimes show minimal
seasonal variation.

These variations will be analysed in more detail using the
`seasonal.crime` dataframe. Seasonal colours are set using a vector so
the line segments can be individually coloured. Date is converted for
time series use. A line plot is created with vertical lines to indicate
the day with the highest temperature (red lines). This is created using
a dataframe with the maximum London temperature for each year
(`hottest.day`).

    season.cols <- c("Summer" = "orange", "Autumn" = "darkgreen", "Winter" = "darkblue", "Spring" = "purple")
    seasonal.crime$date <- paste0("01-", seasonal.crime$date) 
    seasonal.crime$date <- dmy(seasonal.crime$date)
    ASB.season <- filter(seasonal.crime, crime_type == "anti-social-behaviour")

    TDates <- c("2011-06-27", "2012-08-19", "2013-07-22", "2014-07-18", "2015-07-01", "2016-07-19")
    HTemp <- c(30, 30, 33, 30, 35, 33)
    hottest.day <- data.frame(x = TDates, y = HTemp)

    ggplot(ASB.season, aes(x = date, y = Count)) +
      geom_line(aes(group = crime_type, col = season)) + 
      scale_colour_manual(values = season.cols) +
      scale_x_date(date_breaks = "6 month", date_labels = "%m-%y") +
      ylab("Number of crimes") +
      xlab("Date") +
      ggtitle("Anti-Social Behaviour Time Series") +
      theme(axis.text.x=element_text(angle=60, hjust=1), plot.title = element_text(lineheight=.8, face="bold")) +
      geom_vline(xintercept = as.numeric(as.Date(TDates)), linetype=2, col = "red")

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-11-1.png)
There has been a decrease in anti-social behaviour over time, with the
exception of 2016 which showed a significant increase. Clear peaks are
visible in the summer (orange segments), often coinciding with August
when the school summer holidays occur. The peaks frequently coincide
very closely to the hottest day of the year, with the exception of 2014.
Minimum occurences are consistently just after 1st January. This process
will be repeated for bicycle theft and burglaries.

    BT.season <- filter(seasonal.crime, crime_type == "bicycle-theft")
    ggplot(BT.season, aes(x = date, y = Count)) +
      geom_line(aes(group = crime_type, col = season)) + 
      scale_colour_manual(values = season.cols) +
      scale_x_date(date_breaks = "6 month", date_labels = "%m-%y") +
      ylab("Number of crimes") +
      xlab("Date") +
      ggtitle("Bicycle Theft Time Series") +
      theme(axis.text.x=element_text(angle=60, hjust=1), plot.title = element_text(lineheight=.8, face="bold")) +
      geom_vline(xintercept = as.numeric(as.Date(TDates)), linetype=2, col = "red")

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-12-1.png)

    BU.season <- filter(seasonal.crime, crime_type == "burglary")

    ggplot(BU.season, aes(x = date, y = Count)) +
      geom_line(aes(group = crime_type, col = season)) + 
      scale_colour_manual(values = season.cols) +
      scale_x_date(date_breaks = "6 month", date_labels = "%m-%y") +
      ylab("Number of crimes") +
      xlab("Date") +
      ggtitle("Burglary Time Series") +
      theme(axis.text.x=element_text(angle=60, hjust=1), plot.title = element_text(lineheight=.8, face="bold")) +
        geom_vline(xintercept = as.numeric(as.Date(TDates)), linetype=2, col = "red")

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-13-1.png)

Bicycle theft statistics are only available from 2013 and they have been
fairly steady from 2014 onwards. The time series is cyclical with peaks
generally corresponding reasonably (within 3 weeks) to the hottest day
of the year, and minimum recorded incidences always occuring in the
winter.

Burglaries have generally decreased since 2012, though there was a surge
in Spring 2012 and another peak in Autumn 2016. There is less of a
pattern visible in burglary occurences, though there is frequently a
peak in the run up to Christmas followed by a sharp decrease over New
Year. There is no clear pattern between high temperatures and burglary.

The Leaflet package can be used to visualise the location of crime
occurences. A reduced dataset is required and is only useful if the data
is filtered to a single year and single crime, due to overlapping or
proximal datapoints. Jittering could be used to improve this.

    VEC.2016 <- crime11to17 %>%
    filter(year == 2016, crime_type == 'vehicle-crime')

    VEC.2016 %>% 
      leaflet() %>%
      addTiles() %>%
      addMarkers(~longitude, ~latitude)

    ## PhantomJS not found. You can install it with webshot::install_phantomjs(). If it is installed, please make sure the phantomjs executable can be found via the PATH variable.

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-3cc17dc976349b58aa7b">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addTiles","args":["//{s}.tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png",null,null,{"minZoom":0,"maxZoom":18,"maxNativeZoom":null,"tileSize":256,"subdomains":"abc","errorTileUrl":"","tms":false,"continuousWorld":false,"noWrap":false,"zoomOffset":0,"zoomReverse":false,"opacity":1,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false,"attribution":"&copy; <a href=\"http://openstreetmap.org\">OpenStreetMap<\/a> contributors, <a href=\"http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/\">CC-BY-SA<\/a>"}]},{"method":"addMarkers","args":[[51.51253,51.509514,51.485859,51.498936,51.496564,51.502966,51.497899,51.507531,51.498336,51.491165,51.485489,51.491806,51.488371,51.487674,51.508221,51.485009,51.489116,51.513077,51.501566,51.495754,51.502892,51.48939,51.494229,51.506587,51.49485,51.49027,51.500546,51.500397,51.488796,51.500808,51.497532,51.484917,51.507293,51.493613,51.487165,51.487165,51.493462,51.500969,51.512558,51.505458,51.513664,51.506276,51.510505,51.512899,51.492366,51.512955,51.501937,51.508539,51.498865,51.500288,51.495601,51.508486,51.496975,51.486498,51.500288,51.503336,51.513643,51.513474,51.507877,51.496938,51.487136,51.489332,51.486179,51.494263,51.513846,51.48493,51.484861,51.499023,51.51225,51.487506,51.485914,51.509135,51.495451,51.50784,51.506587,51.512379,51.512719,51.484455,51.48992,51.490621,51.493175,51.508642,51.497505,51.484242,51.497255,51.491266,51.486829,51.484427,51.512592,51.501237,51.501237,51.48939,51.489684,51.509054,51.493162,51.48921,51.512424,51.501964,51.49809,51.508871,51.498304,51.506157,51.485748,51.497733,51.510164,51.490054,51.510263,51.508642,51.498336,51.510297,51.487795,51.491386,51.4857,51.50784,51.489168,51.501998,51.511914,51.50472,51.505975,51.499435,51.508337,51.497322,51.511767,51.506712,51.505569,51.498501,51.496311,51.501753,51.499823,51.487732,51.487136,51.501017,51.497255,51.49236,51.488241,51.498903,51.505771,51.495874,51.512975,51.486313,51.484663,51.500651,51.497789,51.508259,51.500735,51.500703,51.511238,51.499014,51.498316,51.510265,51.511375,51.510632,51.486875,51.510925,51.485764,51.495278,51.505458,51.49505,51.501853,51.493713,51.491231,51.485336,51.48992,51.485748,51.491386,51.493694,51.49216,51.511694,51.505921,51.488512,51.497592,51.509904,51.499306,51.490006,51.497733,51.510051,51.509475,51.495775,51.509528,51.503437,51.493096,51.498936,51.492094,51.492206,51.487769,51.497579,51.493033,51.486538,51.492961,51.499433,51.487835,51.497032,51.51225,51.487732,51.491605,51.514,51.497608,51.484999,51.491972,51.490241,51.512096,51.486005,51.500397,51.490893,51.491338,51.4873,51.498012,51.50786,51.491798,51.50472,51.494549,51.504216,51.509053,51.487136,51.512425,51.513828,51.51117,51.493583,51.484498,51.494046,51.495737,51.513343,51.498501,51.490725,51.510192,51.489778,51.503336,51.491488,51.49027,51.496291,51.499953,51.510632,51.494486,51.487353,51.513226,51.505771,51.503456,51.489013,51.499307,51.510003,51.501753,51.506841,51.493244,51.498737,51.511211,51.487045,51.501221,51.505458,51.486416,51.48621,51.49426,51.498304,51.489094,51.499811,51.499443,51.49455,51.500729,51.492797,51.500471,51.492715,51.508045,51.513893,51.504908,51.49461,51.485011,51.491597,51.485754,51.495405,51.497592,51.491488,51.499727,51.510411,51.491082,51.511707,51.507548,51.499443,51.490762,51.490576,51.504908,51.505931,51.501753,51.488408,51.512764,51.50282,51.48658,51.512793,51.490158,51.490878,51.486158,51.50799,51.495877,51.499823,51.486416,51.489778,51.511579,51.500816,51.49461,51.490762,51.491899,51.506747,51.495232,51.485517,51.492344,51.51225,51.508419,51.485181,51.507298,51.485018,51.513839,51.490576,51.511734,51.511036,51.489963,51.500463,51.495877,51.500089,51.490628,51.510096,51.508871,51.510974,51.488172,51.512773,51.502168,51.512876,51.500397,51.490627,51.509609,51.506587,51.485009,51.489886,51.486364,51.498222,51.48832,51.487165,51.509369,51.490601,51.499245,51.485181,51.489874,51.490943,51.496784,51.51225,51.51225,51.512773,51.509475,51.507214,51.48677,51.500397,51.486866,51.493702,51.49853,51.510003,51.507713,51.500397,51.493465,51.501566,51.496734,51.490893,51.484159,51.487795,51.501188,51.485997,51.485783,51.489733,51.495494,51.491991,51.493443,51.488681,51.501815,51.498936,51.492669,51.500506,51.486558,51.495923,51.504908,51.502281,51.49696,51.506747,51.506587,51.496593,51.487165,51.489684,51.511303,51.497608,51.500471,51.491787,51.494212,51.487769,51.499536,51.501221,51.499868,51.491777,51.495317,51.50518,51.50784,51.487165,51.491634,51.488408,51.495067,51.493276,51.50806,51.500471,51.487795,51.486693,51.490738,51.511751,51.489478,51.486687,51.500599,51.508201,51.49216,51.500201,51.506013,51.500599,51.496121,51.497568,51.513643,51.50972,51.494147,51.501632,51.49564,51.512063,51.498936,51.496932,51.490006,51.500599,51.496577,51.495733,51.492852,51.496291,51.503038,51.49696,51.499146,51.492755,51.498201,51.487852,51.485748,51.487165,51.484905,51.497264,51.487032,51.501278,51.495765,51.494892,51.490707,51.505458,51.495754,51.499435,51.489094,51.493748,51.50634,51.504735,51.50786,51.503515,51.501309,51.496607,51.490461,51.490811,51.485738,51.510946,51.495737,51.489271,51.490551,51.500682,51.510275,51.512793,51.485389,51.494752,51.497305,51.511694,51.496199,51.500793,51.500961,51.494693,51.499939,51.508539,51.497058,51.491899,51.49261,51.502613,51.496205,51.489828,51.501675,51.50784,51.496246,51.50799,51.485237,51.48695,51.51225,51.492747,51.500217,51.500936,51.501298,51.511707,51.510973,51.48785,51.493288,51.495125,51.498985,51.50129,51.512596,51.513828,51.501298,51.49948,51.511749,51.510606,51.509005,51.490118,51.493765,51.490628,51.486158,51.49455,51.494486,51.507657,51.513114,51.485129,51.490429,51.510834,51.488681,51.499753,51.51272,51.495109,51.490691,51.511045,51.484381,51.484434,51.497733,51.486313,51.503763,51.502173,51.512719,51.512596,51.49931,51.510827,51.495486,51.499132,51.505458,51.497513,51.510946,51.507758,51.494371,51.503763,51.500089,51.509475,51.500039,51.50634,51.49019,51.503763,51.500227,51.486091,51.509933,51.49273,51.495199,51.499953,51.510974,51.495278,51.509475,51.497817,51.487165,51.502048,51.487045,51.497592,51.493453,51.506818,51.498127,51.491329,51.494688,51.500682,51.502791,51.488141,51.497072,51.50784,51.492242,51.505195,51.50837,51.502892,51.493702,51.510678,51.494864,51.513664,51.484852,51.502862,51.510158,51.513363,51.498704,51.488983,51.489768,51.51052,51.495496,51.499753,51.511055,51.511096,51.501188,51.489717,51.488681,51.491327,51.508871,51.510766,51.511767,51.51393,51.495906,51.500333,51.487852,51.513484,51.503826,51.509182,51.493955,51.489945,51.498201,51.511211,51.486418,51.487754,51.485754,51.493014,51.501566,51.49762,51.51394,51.502966,51.488562,51.513067,51.498336,51.498336,51.497941,51.497789,51.509135,51.511868,51.485505,51.510974,51.500816,51.48817,51.485859,51.494982,51.498632,51.488755,51.492852,51.498524,51.512278,51.491605,51.494522,51.508445,51.498936,51.497202,51.499014,51.491777,51.508165,51.500414,51.489133,51.495906,51.50129,51.500816,51.48475,51.508871,51.498304,51.508132,51.500729,51.512165,51.498737,51.493583,51.49162,51.489982,51.49449,51.500305,51.498304,51.497322,51.485505,51.491386,51.491622,51.498497,51.509475,51.505759,51.491777,51.49219,51.486418,51.499953,51.49461,51.49505,51.493865,51.48737,51.485726,51.496853,51.50784,51.507513,51.498137,51.509514,51.49598,51.494881,51.496819,51.510541,51.49678,51.494864,51.491605,51.510158,51.497072,51.513303,51.509933,51.504908,51.512345,51.496004,51.512938,51.493181,51.499868,51.510606,51.500556,51.486158,51.510757,51.48535,51.512345,51.513452,51.484452,51.489753,51.509475,51.484248,51.492719,51.48695,51.50784,51.489322,51.513622,51.502791,51.50784,51.484999,51.513484,51.497802,51.487857,51.513474,51.487353,51.486392,51.491329,51.50357,51.512086,51.497365,51.509232,51.490576,51.488441,51.508248,51.501202,51.497608,51.513893,51.490831,51.48997,51.494522,51.497975,51.509609,51.512938,51.49449,51.490831,51.504908,51.485517,51.487165,51.502297,51.509392,51.48785,51.513839,51.485469,51.498449,51.51225,51.507309,51.491377,51.484999,51.504286,51.49668,51.510275,51.485748,51.501815,51.490968,51.493106,51.487473,51.484033,51.485517,51.484242,51.48404,51.497351,51.492341,51.508221,51.491306,51.486675,51.498304,51.512447,51.502791,51.498234,51.494416,51.495648,51.502613,51.484677,51.511315,51.504246,51.487032,51.486711,51.499584,51.504515,51.489965,51.508221,51.513343,51.484381,51.488912,51.50784,51.486754,51.485469,51.48508,51.511767,51.512118,51.490576,51.512955,51.512887,51.487136,51.493955,51.507377,51.49317,51.495597,51.494392,51.487769,51.501645,51.510192,51.494212,51.487612,51.512887,51.497592,51.49299,51.51018,51.513553,51.487769,51.493445,51.50799,51.508539,51.490158,51.492656,51.493184,51.50998,51.492341,51.499198,51.485009,51.484248,51.51104,51.488177,51.513245,51.485035,51.512009,51.494489,51.494489,51.508598,51.495765,51.49107,51.513075,51.512908,51.493033,51.510615,51.513552,51.51018,51.487812,51.493904,51.485389,51.495085,51.484274,51.496249,51.491865,51.507298,51.510757,51.499506,51.495405,51.494982,51.494628,51.487165,51.484549,51.498737,51.49379,51.50634,51.511691,51.48982,51.504687,51.497532,51.510839,51.49097,51.498727,51.512998,51.50808,51.499502,51.491777,51.493427,51.489644,51.510003,51.51018,51.49349,51.508045,51.512345,51.506991,51.485754,51.503328,51.498344,51.509933,51.513671,51.489332,51.492925,51.49696,51.494522,51.495095,51.50806,51.49505,51.484362,51.49261,51.486346,51.50634,51.501221,51.491386,51.490179,51.485474,51.488983,51.493337,51.492692,51.488547,51.493265,51.49931,51.512427,51.51318,51.512887,51.505458,51.499603,51.498088,51.485181,51.498582,51.490158,51.510953,51.500961,51.488727,51.490831,51.511268,51.492574,51.51018,51.486418,51.501299,51.489322,51.497365,51.511816,51.493162,51.495828,51.503861,51.507439,51.50693,51.487543,51.513552,51.508215,51.496311,51.49564,51.505458,51.512592,51.511057,51.485933,51.512063,51.49273,51.487835,51.497524,51.504908,51.493583,51.494014,51.490158,51.498436,51.485945,51.500471,51.486335,51.494147,51.509921,51.487098,51.498497,51.513108,51.486469,51.499023,51.512558,51.497283,51.493029,51.484694,51.498582,51.51225,51.506814,51.504286,51.493955,51.493927,51.500936,51.490551,51.48985,51.508539,51.505179,51.487769,51.487795,51.49273,51.500472,51.494202,51.512478,51.512975,51.486596,51.501126,51.490692,51.485575,51.500682,51.508123,51.489684,51.493462,51.489684,51.4857,51.505458,51.48837,51.510158,51.512171,51.497608,51.494554,51.488371,51.484917,51.48854,51.498985,51.493123,51.500682,51.513846,51.497789,51.502371,51.50016,51.489778,51.513338,51.491082,51.492312,51.4983,51.512175,51.49668,51.490158,51.484804,51.493053,51.494629,51.506013,51.493955,51.509922,51.509475,51.505458,51.49273,51.488681,51.510725,51.49505,51.501126,51.498131,51.505458,51.506712,51.499584,51.496249,51.489322,51.487674,51.508602,51.511036,51.504515,51.490468,51.487857,51.497975,51.486172,51.485696,51.497592,51.501174,51.493228,51.495407,51.494335,51.500936,51.501998,51.488893,51.485033,51.486387,51.487711,51.49696,51.49273,51.491377,51.490582,51.510839,51.501675,51.494672,51.49429,51.491777,51.513526,51.499505,51.509294,51.489753,51.510365,51.492715,51.496199,51.510615,51.513828,51.485469,51.48828,51.496638,51.498681,51.489743,51.493007,51.489696,51.500961,51.487728,51.496009,51.494489,51.508871,51.500314,51.503637,51.491173,51.487795,51.500089,51.489116,51.49105,51.497608,51.497592,51.501174,51.496485,51.486418,51.487674,51.501202,51.513012,51.492162,51.513825,51.510263,51.503308,51.499953,51.510003,51.487088,51.512103,51.49324,51.499506,51.51395,51.495405,51.498696,51.497985,51.512938,51.493133,51.486392,51.50457,51.507877,51.505921,51.498127,51.494557,51.494557,51.48535,51.4858,51.486091,51.486392,51.493175,51.490121,51.508447,51.488668,51.4908,51.513828,51.487032,51.505474,51.48947,51.507293,51.484268,51.491223,51.50784,51.505921,51.49564,51.513638,51.501566,51.487088,51.500793,51.507214,51.490893,51.506455,51.492155,51.488729,51.494212,51.492188,51.507377,51.502209,51.498304,51.490118,51.491486,51.495601,51.512975,51.512118,51.511768,51.498766,51.496291,51.489965,51.490158,51.505811,51.498131,51.498685,51.505218,51.512175,51.501566,51.496441,51.489965,51.505467,51.512558,51.487119,51.505444,51.487296,51.513026,51.504222,51.490893,51.491082,51.498304,51.490241,51.50806,51.512975,51.513825,51.488377,51.490429,51.485695,51.513833,51.500735,51.49485,51.489209,51.490429,51.51175,51.512063,51.500753,51.498088,51.498222,51.496232,51.512558,51.498131,51.490158,51.490811,51.513495,51.513643,51.48971,51.500181,51.500181,51.500703,51.501221,51.498513,51.484375,51.487919,51.49146,51.488408,51.486418,51.502892,51.487032,51.492093,51.504657,51.512063,51.499552,51.489778,51.510046,51.496034,51.51141,51.499575,51.496232,51.499603,51.51225,51.501815,51.485801,51.496406,51.500941,51.511045,51.495405,51.493522,51.497289,51.507891,51.486057,51.49144,51.510505,51.512596,51.499433,51.485489,51.495745,51.501566,51.498528,51.488241,51.499475,51.485945,51.491787,51.508419,51.507877,51.497505,51.513737,51.490628,51.510265,51.486675,51.506271,51.513552,51.512793,51.499868,51.501964,51.502958,51.507507,51.510437,51.491173,51.501116,51.50784,51.503763,51.489094,51.49668,51.484242,51.505759,51.504738,51.506802,51.486057,51.494805,51.494805,51.500227,51.503038,51.509294,51.500004,51.492249,51.504448,51.487538,51.512874,51.491309,51.485726,51.513701,51.511342,51.512938,51.497524,51.497558,51.510046,51.48493,51.507755,51.492623,51.507531,51.511057,51.488096,51.51225,51.498513,51.491453,51.492852,51.507506,51.499368,51.503087,51.499603,51.509135,51.510505,51.499575,51.495232,51.506802,51.498768,51.485263,51.497426,51.511707,51.51018,51.497949,51.50784,51.503337,51.484113,51.503763,51.499642,51.501675,51.497072,51.511288,51.505609,51.488595,51.510381,51.498088,51.495568,51.494173,51.490893,51.512461,51.512673,51.498768,51.490893,51.511338,51.493053,51.494014,51.494805,51.51225,51.495733,51.497608,51.497985,51.493957,51.493886,51.492961,51.486675,51.504165,51.512478,51.493033,51.490114,51.487538,51.484478,51.507395,51.501237,51.506344,51.487711,51.484455,51.490811,51.49138,51.487098,51.509777,51.49598,51.485726,51.492341,51.484045,51.500463,51.498012,51.493265,51.501062,51.4858,51.501548,51.494247,51.493288,51.494864,51.491488,51.490878,51.51393,51.494147,51.501675,51.493175,51.498304,51.493955,51.494936,51.493313,51.503826,51.500753,51.502087,51.500181,51.491327,51.485754,51.490691,51.492165,51.496104,51.504687,51.489743,51.500961,51.500463,51.485859,51.506151,51.512764,51.501964,51.491386,51.485469,51.511338,51.505331,51.485489,51.513839,51.511026,51.505886,51.511669,51.50784,51.487674,51.497608,51.513474,51.511338,51.499476,51.502862,51.505609,51.49626,51.510925,51.491231,51.500181,51.487769,51.497072,51.50016,51.495923,51.498737,51.488669,51.493096,51.492187,51.495232,51.489321,51.496975,51.502719,51.499063,51.506587,51.490054,51.499575,51.501964,51.487136,51.509135,51.490893,51.499939,51.48658,51.499117,51.508419,51.495601,51.493486,51.500032,51.485748,51.492299,51.49809,51.497557,51.49171,51.495882,51.501548,51.513714,51.490627,51.49809,51.487045,51.496938,51.496655,51.513714,51.509005,51.488681,51.498012,51.489717,51.485859,51.49809,51.486158,51.491386,51.489022,51.512672,51.512245,51.498127,51.501278,51.510946,51.500269,51.484426,51.513824,51.500463,51.48982,51.491688,51.4858,51.491622,51.507758,51.491082,51.503518,51.500181,51.50784,51.498304,51.491972,51.48828,51.491292,51.500414,51.510033,51.492341,51.500019,51.508337,51.493096,51.485517,51.505458,51.497867,51.508602,51.495278,51.484455,51.500466,51.501221,51.503087,51.512118,51.490241,51.497558,51.506747,51.491291,51.49097,51.48404,51.492659,51.484255,51.512425,51.486158,51.485582,51.512876,51.512876,51.487136,51.512719,51.490241,51.500735,51.512118,51.512887,51.494852,51.496784,51.512278,51.493748,51.510468,51.507386,51.500227,51.512887,51.491486,51.491034,51.505771,51.488417,51.486687,51.500414,51.497743,51.488441,51.497207,51.508539,51.494864,51.484381,51.493462,51.513828,51.492755,51.491478,51.500871,51.495232,51.494983,51.498497,51.510003,51.513108,51.490468,51.501062,51.484677,51.498304,51.4852,51.493427,51.509922,51.490967,51.493065,51.487045,51.498737,51.488225,51.489982,51.500471,51.485358,51.502281,51.509904,51.48471,51.501964,51.497264,51.499925,51.513108,51.490219,51.509053,51.509135,51.499727,51.486418,51.512897,51.490054,51.510411,51.501964,51.495407,51.496485,51.494864,51.500463,51.487165,51.505458,51.509933,51.513101,51.512599,51.501263,51.495754,51.486773,51.488983,51.499953,51.51225,51.487317,51.490967,51.485033,51.497305,51.513734,51.509082,51.495648,51.511338,51.501753,51.498304,51.493265,51.494133,51.489256,51.493583,51.496817,51.511342,51.506932,51.491921,51.485748,51.501309,51.507214,51.49977,51.493957,51.493957,51.484242,51.489067,51.493912,51.491102,51.484937,51.492341,51.502403,51.487045,51.501575,51.50784,51.499846,51.487032,51.500941,51.496593,51.493181,51.487032,51.498936,51.485783,51.503038,51.504216,51.485582,51.484677,51.489814,51.485859,51.498304,51.499605,51.511638,51.494983,51.511859,51.487136,51.498497,51.497592,51.484632,51.502048,51.504575,51.49645,51.507309,51.512245,51.497365,51.511669,51.500793,51.50016,51.508338,51.49917,51.497608,51.506889,51.492842,51.494147,51.496121,51.491605,51.497524,51.493203,51.507577,51.513094,51.503508,51.484434,51.512447,51.497802,51.506837,51.50613,51.505771,51.494416,51.511026,51.489959,51.488562,51.507214,51.50582,51.495486,51.495451,51.512345,51.494247,51.507298,51.487296,51.506276,51.513303,51.493936,51.49762,51.495486,51.501309,51.491991,51.510003,51.505208,51.498012,51.507293,51.511638,51.495601,51.509414,51.506695,51.51225,51.489067,51.486558,51.486364,51.513108,51.501964,51.489332,51.487165,51.505458,51.484455,51.507569,51.500269,51.501964,51.49832,51.491428,51.499939,51.485997,51.496205,51.487395,51.492341,51.495199,51.487962,51.490006,51.502791,51.500941,51.484349,51.512345,51.505825,51.493998,51.496073,51.513495,51.509692,51.498497,51.4987,51.51018,51.487395,51.507758,51.487098,51.507214,51.506211,51.492341,51.512443,51.512345,51.508735,51.486392,51.493292,51.51015,51.490808,51.500414,51.498979,51.501964,51.513552,51.498782,51.500753,51.505576,51.510003,51.495671,51.491231,51.510946,51.493746,51.488177,51.496246,51.496291,51.489684,51.499584,51.489315,51.491488,51.490762,51.508486,51.510732,51.495693,51.512478,51.492546,51.49019,51.501299,51.490897,51.508338,51.499939,51.508007,51.506293,51.509392,51.504176,51.498697,51.500546,51.501221,51.486773,51.509427,51.49349,51.50016,51.50016,51.487045,51.497072,51.490054,51.484452,51.485854,51.499939,51.489067,51.505813,51.48659,51.487684,51.513474,51.513821,51.497567,51.490893,51.50016,51.497608,51.485018,51.502647,51.493427,51.499198,51.500397,51.491082,51.489116,51.495317,51.489116,51.485945,51.489067,51.511418,51.500181,51.486392,51.507473,51.513643,51.513638,51.513899,51.497802,51.507855,51.509135,51.501853,51.506802,51.494147,51.513452,51.494147,51.496249,51.490158,51.49505,51.499753,51.499753,51.489097,51.495125,51.49809,51.492341,51.49853,51.484694,51.510046,51.485263,51.500546,51.49809,51.484375,51.501126,51.494864,51.506597,51.489315,51.509432,51.507877,51.486158,51.493427,51.502613,51.492341,51.513732,51.509475,51.509475,51.501756,51.494155,51.495882,51.497592,51.488377,51.511036,51.513899,51.511338,51.484033,51.501298,51.495906,51.486158,51.498501,51.489315,51.487901,51.484455,51.48493,51.485483,51.486558,51.510632,51.501221,51.503038,51.487795,51.492306,51.485469,51.488512,51.491516,51.500355,51.501283,51.501221,51.49564,51.492529,51.509933,51.488668,51.502791,51.500181,51.49939,51.494164,51.487543,51.496517,51.500397,51.496205,51.498131,51.502281,51.49832,51.510158,51.512897,51.492755,51.510606,51.498865,51.491991,51.485695,51.485695,51.489298,51.489717,51.512079,51.492188,51.498205,51.490647,51.486416,51.49654,51.492184,51.488177,51.498304,51.492206,51.485933,51.488401,51.51374,51.490762,51.4975,51.485859,51.487732,51.510158,51.507473,51.492715,51.486158,51.510392,51.511694,51.510946,51.512719,51.512558,51.505763,51.501174,51.486346,51.497558,51.497608,51.511575,51.505801,51.513761,51.511057,51.49988,51.512876,51.513067,51.499245,51.512934,51.487543,51.489982,51.490219,51.500181,51.513474,51.491668,51.499368,51.485489,51.50784,51.484999,51.509053,51.500472,51.489067,51.494342,51.487032,51.498903,51.507043,51.484233,51.48471,51.493998,51.486475,51.500471,51.49809,51.500321,51.493955,51.494342,51.495693,51.489104,51.510606,51.487857,51.485783,51.487586,51.493348,51.497322,51.488669,51.485474,51.493746,51.484632,51.512897,51.508045,51.498893,51.510946,51.493427,51.494672,51.496936,51.50634,51.509432,51.505218,51.502791,51.497899,51.498903,51.492662,51.492797,51.494936,51.498304,51.497592,51.484937,51.490878,51.498449,51.50935,51.513363,51.490878,51.502743,51.489768,51.493702,51.496249,51.496232,51.492184,51.49107,51.487088,51.488727,51.490481,51.513531,51.494486,51.497608,51.484917,51.51395,51.49626,51.501315,51.487711,51.486566,51.485859,51.491834,51.502986,51.499532,51.497608,51.492184,51.484861,51.488401,51.490811,51.490107,51.490842,51.493313,51.50096,51.489067,51.487136,51.492546,51.488401,51.501753,51.486158,51.505921,51.511055,51.490107,51.489298,51.489768,51.50634,51.509324,51.4975,51.498513,51.486158,51.485358,51.496199,51.489959,51.493727,51.506814,51.50808,51.501998,51.486937,51.496441,51.492629,51.486147,51.48737,51.487045,51.506946,51.511025,51.497592,51.50885,51.500471,51.48982,51.505458,51.494164,51.500753,51.48404,51.487732,51.502862,51.485574,51.491798,51.489717,51.508248,51.495199,51.499433,51.492188,51.495232,51.511816,51.509392,51.499433,51.494147,51.500682,51.509904,51.51191,51.504216,51.51393,51.499603,51.510158,51.499925,51.500463,51.509609,51.487586,51.508318,51.508659,51.513474,51.489753,51.496139,51.500471,51.51254,51.504525,51.501001,51.497122,51.49915,51.496139,51.511473,51.496668,51.51052,51.485582,51.48854,51.497608,51.484255,51.489133,51.512558,51.500355,51.489886,51.48837,51.511768,51.501278,51.511691,51.486335,51.512186,51.512975,51.499953,51.494173,51.513363,51.500735,51.50808,51.513899,51.49138,51.485939,51.510946,51.490429,51.510158,51.4858,51.513474,51.501221,51.492341,51.505771,51.511268,51.49273,51.487484,51.511768,51.497905,51.51117,51.500463,51.513644,51.50822,51.512911,51.509369,51.494416,51.502168,51.49857,51.501174,51.509583,51.512728,51.512938,51.512692,51.494557,51.492922,51.489963,51.496564,51.490893,51.497355,51.512287,51.490576,51.488872,51.508528,51.507713,51.513158,51.511036,51.505208,51.495615,51.488729,51.49171,51.494522,51.494649,51.494649,51.494649,51.486416,51.485966,51.500397,51.485018,51.485358,51.513104,51.500181,51.494354,51.499925,51.491112,51.495494,51.494491,51.495957,51.493313,51.506455,51.502048,51.494752,51.507506,51.495693,51.493486,51.495601,51.487165,51.498394,51.485469,51.501237,51.498178,51.512975,51.497359,51.51018,51.51018,51.485441,51.487165,51.496291,51.499925,51.512908,51.497483,51.499925,51.493265,51.492253,51.506802,51.506802,51.510422,51.51025,51.494549,51.505059,51.492188,51.496783,51.4873,51.511691,51.499823,51.498316,51.51393,51.505474,51.509824,51.51141,51.51049,51.50021,51.506527,51.4982,51.485997,51.488401,51.489814,51.498936,51.505218,51.49505,51.484917,51.50784,51.494881,51.501998,51.513067,51.511291,51.494147,51.493097,51.494023,51.485033,51.498633,51.500089,51.486364,51.500506,51.501964,51.491386,51.507577,51.495755,51.503861,51.501675,51.49273,51.491428,51.488727,51.488629,51.503861,51.487684,51.491688,51.489743,51.488629,51.486596,51.493427,51.485975,51.500816,51.491381,51.495232,51.512938,51.506587,51.491921,51.4987,51.500735,51.486915,51.484632,51.511338,51.501998,51.505218,51.50784,51.490241,51.496034,51.489965,51.489271,51.510297,51.513644,51.48758,51.51228,51.495754,51.486038,51.512887,51.487032,51.500019,51.487204,51.498222,51.491173,51.488408,51.506455,51.48758,51.484632,51.502185,51.497592,51.490967,51.489753,51.514,51.489768,51.49931,51.496291,51.484804,51.493184,51.50613,51.48574,51.510392,51.495877,51.49138,51.488681,51.496485,51.485695,51.485474,51.50784,51.486457,51.511599,51.492749,51.514,51.492299,51.49349,51.485389,51.493957,51.512603,51.490241,51.491251,51.493613,51.48947,51.490536,51.494864,51.490241,51.50021,51.48475,51.495067,51.495754,51.491486,51.495232,51.500414,51.498304,51.510297,51.487136,51.499198,51.504216,51.501202,51.493613,51.495232,51.495232,51.497283,51.487919,51.492773,51.497557,51.496577,51.485011,51.506747,51.512899,51.501963,51.499656,51.493014,51.48677,51.486802,51.498865,51.49324,51.484673,51.503856,51.495451,51.48981,51.508735,51.486418,51.48709,51.4982,51.487543,51.49564,51.501299,51.484861,51.487869,51.492546,51.497426,51.498201,51.513067,51.510422,51.505931,51.487032,51.491947,51.513552,51.505921,51.490355,51.510946,51.484861,51.493511,51.484455,51.498737,51.486754,51.486754,51.51394,51.487204,51.491991,51.485505,51.503337,51.501575,51.484861,51.503276,51.505331,51.499476,51.495176,51.484452,51.513824,51.510297,51.493348,51.484455,51.487032,51.507377,51.513824,51.48982,51.506344,51.498936,51.488218,51.487032,51.512897,51.500471,51.499443,51.491102,51.506932,51.494864,51.511767,51.511767,51.486778,51.493957,51.51153,51.506417,51.508871,51.490831,51.511459,51.493113,51.50743,51.492341,51.512876,51.488595,51.503775,51.493765,51.49626,51.51377,51.486687,51.492093,51.500181,51.490461,51.4852,51.486711,51.510606,51.493511,51.492548,51.493053,51.486809,51.493033,51.48997,51.507339,51.48508,51.505399,51.49939,51.500546,51.500111,51.490054,51.493184,51.512908,51.494693,51.505931,51.501237,51.50822,51.494892,51.512186,51.487098,51.50613,51.486364,51.513899,51.489886,51.48493,51.513824,51.510925,51.500414,51.487538,51.500471,51.501753,51.485748,51.494015,51.48475,51.497067,51.493265,51.494335,51.506673,51.499476,51.485311,51.492014,51.492253,51.485011,51.493551,51.489696,51.513846,51.492842,51.485939,51.505059,51.498632,51.51018,51.495308,51.494401,51.490878,51.511879,51.51242,51.510606,51.500269,51.491338,51.507473,51.484455,51.513638,51.509392,51.501937,51.510766,51.491053,51.489883,51.512599,51.512257,51.511726,51.497264,51.511068,51.513819,51.50016,51.485181,51.502219,51.513303,51.513739,51.485469,51.485018,51.492529,51.495923,51.501986,51.513899,51.492253,51.513846,51.499349,51.513283,51.510551,51.513474,51.485474,51.498131,51.491223,51.510003,51.485939,51.505195,51.496607,51.499575,51.499753,51.493265,51.492162,51.484248,51.513839,51.486802,51.486179,51.513643,51.497592,51.507439,51.49449,51.494892,51.491947,51.491276,51.498697,51.502994,51.511473,51.487754,51.484999,51.484478,51.48854,51.511859,51.510297,51.498313,51.502613,51.490006,51.48992,51.494155,51.491055,51.493955,51.48535,51.493265,51.501202,51.491834,51.492546,51.501202,51.49138,51.492069,51.491798,51.489883,51.491292,51.493955,51.48837,51.495733,51.502281,51.485748,51.502862,51.495232,51.509475,51.494864,51.498576,51.484427,51.508217,51.488681,51.493053,51.493348,51.501753,51.490878,51.490878,51.49261,51.512459,51.510275,51.490179,51.491973,51.500682,51.488755,51.491375,51.503038,51.488408,51.513166,51.489256,51.486773,51.497289,51.485009,51.492341,51.490158,51.487506,51.485854,51.484632,51.51132,51.485582,51.499584,51.48689,51.513904,51.487165,51.485859,51.491834,51.486333,51.485966,51.496938,51.507439,51.492171,51.506585,51.496249,51.487543,51.497534,51.487353,51.486475,51.511575,51.487901,51.487586,51.497183,51.503038,51.497558,51.494802,51.488172,51.49349,51.506926,51.490551,51.507755,51.494903,51.495405,51.493713,51.495601,51.492529,51.509005,51.500004,51.510946,51.501038,51.487648,51.492165,51.513738,51.499476,51.49349,51.489811,51.502371,51.494522,51.490576,51.493722,51.500471,51.498331,51.494805,51.497608,51.488547,51.493096,51.499575,51.510499,51.512335,51.49449,51.50016,51.512975,51.51025,51.48854,51.490158,51.491991,51.506802,51.502048,51.498885,51.490158,51.497802,51.490158,51.484478,51.490158,51.489094,51.499624,51.488912,51.486778,51.498131,51.489301,51.501309,51.500855,51.492444,51.500471,51.497534,51.492344,51.495407,51.490576,51.497558,51.501278,51.498308,51.501278,51.495451,51.494853,51.51374,51.495568,51.511338,51.513222,51.487165,51.512478,51.503456,51.492715,51.49721,51.507531,51.500941,51.510422,51.50457,51.511338,51.506013,51.485933,51.501116,51.492253,51.498737,51.504216,51.500397,51.499435,51.491055,51.51033,51.513493,51.510046,51.498131,51.509475,51.486558,51.49429,51.488755,51.494649,51.50016,51.511827,51.486558,51.485726,51.510003,51.48659,51.489965,51.50149,51.494486,51.485237,51.497743,51.491634,51.513474,51.485219,51.513899,51.496271,51.497055,51.485997,51.512896,51.496311,51.495601,51.506406,51.492341,51.492845,51.500397,51.489987,51.484917,51.497774,51.513169,51.513798,51.502719,51.489117,51.492253,51.510551,51.490878,51.484694,51.499925,51.497482,51.486679,51.501891,51.496249,51.50124,51.50124,51.487032,51.511691,51.506747,51.500227,51.487479,51.491082,51.487648,51.496311,51.489686,51.490429,51.493583,51.492184,51.507855,51.492162,51.507506,51.490808,51.491488,51.494354,51.49564,51.506587,51.489963,51.492615,51.50472,51.512773,51.512908,51.487479,51.485754,51.507133,51.492715,51.497975,51.500004,51.489787,51.496734,51.495601,51.507577,51.484632,51.500397,51.503038,51.51052,51.508123,51.508486,51.500793,51.491856,51.508286,51.494903,51.507043,51.500682,51.486158,51.489094,51.485754,51.507439,51.489906,51.494015,51.51025,51.507377,51.490943,51.489621,51.497905,51.493583,51.512568,51.497774,51.502791,51.510839,51.492852,51.507192,51.490725,51.492263,51.485486,51.491034,51.511055,51.487795,51.485033,51.490692,51.484498,51.498304,51.485939,51.484329,51.495407,51.491034,51.490808,51.485966,51.485859,51.496104,51.489886,51.504908,51.490707,51.498152,51.485754,51.487317,51.513825,51.509037,51.512461,51.492747,51.487648,51.510946,51.498696,51.485726,51.487032,51.501997,51.490601,51.51175,51.49408,51.498304,51.489454,51.511767,51.492094,51.492529,51.509583,51.494518,51.512118,51.489509,51.499435,51.494688,51.49324,51.512226,51.505218,51.495601,51.498304,51.492546,51.504908,51.487165,51.489778,51.486469,51.510234,51.497802,51.500651,51.486158,51.499823,51.501278,51.485469,51.49236,51.501237,51.48947,51.495568,51.497359,51.504222,51.513824,51.508945,51.490967,51.493348,51.506013,51.503276,51.494354,51.490769,51.49449,51.492917,51.498234,51.485489,51.485574,51.494864,51.510275,51.509028,51.489022,51.4986,51.51333,51.506747,51.499811,51.487754,51.485939,51.488629,51.484273,51.512908,51.504515,51.499413,51.513734,51.485018,51.493713,51.488698,51.498737,51.496668,51.49314,51.50129,51.50998,51.500941,51.484255,51.497802,51.511989,51.484632,51.487032,51.490355,51.513824,51.488872,51.485018,51.485389,51.50634,51.497359,51.494864,51.485336,51.488912,51.509933,51.502403,51.509583,51.512492,51.487032,51.492162,51.501298,51.504165,51.487852,51.491292,51.497322,51.500682,51.497579,51.512186,51.500808,51.495215,51.501188,51.501795,51.501753,51.508338,51.509475,51.4857,51.488371,51.510839,51.49721,51.510724,51.498001,51.51175,51.505208,51.491292,51.493184,51.49931,51.493731,51.486479,51.51025,51.498936,51.509135,51.506587,51.507293,51.498538,51.492909,51.495615,51.508871,51.511914,51.498685,51.497072,51.498685,51.513535,51.502209,51.501202,51.506747,51.501038,51.493702,51.497072,51.491104,51.499349,51.50632,51.498304,51.489238,51.493462,51.493731,51.485441,51.504246,51.491269,51.489321,51.51018,51.491266,51.488796,51.509609,51.487769,51.486158,51.497532,51.492749,51.496249,51.507433,51.500871,51.506455,51.493033,51.485966,51.487612,51.498308,51.513893,51.503775,51.498449,51.495451,51.491777,51.513303,51.513338,51.48737,51.500269,51.490707,51.513222,51.493796,51.498308,51.499925,51.494734,51.508208,51.513096,51.512934,51.509475,51.485011,51.497153,51.513101,51.50799,51.502218,51.508642,51.500936,51.48737,51.511338,51.495085,51.501116,51.508445,51.492341,51.505378,51.498513,51.509005,51.485237,51.496485,51.497567,51.492457,51.510003,51.484632,51.484274,51.496073,51.485011,51.506802,51.487204,51.511556,51.512599,51.488812,51.512186,51.512887,51.493184,51.506905,51.501116,51.511816,51.500463,51.51025,51.49809,51.500269,51.500181,51.496485,51.486158,51.511767,51.488225,51.489094,51.486158,51.50998,51.487204,51.50896,51.486456,51.501964,51.493936,51.498538,51.513067,51.494486,51.509609,51.489209,51.48985,51.484673,51.494409,51.491329,51.501753,51.492546,51.508486,51.494522,51.486158,51.493096,51.501188,51.51363,51.484498,51.486098,51.500089,51.497608,51.51033,51.492366,51.512938,51.49485,51.486754,51.505771,51.507713,51.485696,51.499198,51.484268,51.496936,51.500404,51.513821,51.502791,51.513222,51.495067,51.495755,51.496671,51.487136,51.499476,51.494864,51.511045,51.492692,51.512086,51.497899,51.494335,51.487317,51.485854,51.501202,51.501221,51.504176,51.501853,51.4873,51.509418,51.497322,51.501753,51.501964,51.493583,51.496249,51.48997,51.498513,51.513081,51.506013,51.488681,51.490006,51.508539,51.49105,51.511816,51.487795,51.489874,51.497608,51.486422,51.491486,51.490405,51.498283,51.493433,51.491668,51.498707,51.497351,51.489256,51.497153,51.509869,51.492253,51.489963,51.497729,51.491102,51.502209,51.496232,51.493583,51.492852,51.508338,51.498768,51.499953,51.513104,51.486418,51.502892,51.498304,51.49696,51.511338,51.507891,51.498737,51.489184,51.510422,51.498135,51.484248,51.485033,51.487769,51.492533,51.49564,51.495733,51.50462,51.486158,51.512719,51.498316,51.490762,51.484149,51.505195,51.488935,51.513495,51.498696,51.485489,51.484455,51.507377,51.498737,51.501169,51.499306,51.50518,51.513899,51.486802,51.492094,51.497729,51.490627,51.498632,51.501566,51.486456,51.491605,51.513338,51.500305,51.506455,51.488225,51.486333,51.491112,51.485517,51.498497,51.509427,51.499925,51.505458,51.493033,51.487136,51.51374,51.48471,51.512258,51.511767,51.509574,51.499098,51.498696,51.490831,51.505208,51.500269,51.485754,51.510839,51.487032,51.492749,51.486158,51.491094,51.485754,51.495085,51.490811,51.511609,51.511989,51.500181,51.490762,51.511844,51.502281,51.513899,51.506712,51.497322,51.500404,51.48854,51.490808,51.486158,51.493337,51.49485,51.497927,51.500004,51.494734,51.50784,51.502281,51.496291,51.493727,51.512096,51.501221,51.512719,51.496291,51.510974,51.501887,51.502958,51.513828,51.493265,51.49248,51.512461,51.508165,51.505811,51.486422,51.498582,51.489481,51.490576,51.504176,51.512379,51.505378,51.497557,51.493731,51.495199,51.492623,51.495874,51.494864,51.493713,51.501753,51.490429,51.487684,51.4975,51.486158,51.49449,51.487795,51.498497,51.510839,51.510766,51.495351,51.488371,51.512975,51.50632,51.48947,51.492797,51.485859,51.507134,51.486158,51.503508,51.492249,51.486392,51.485237,51.501753,51.491292,51.495146,51.510297,51.494092,51.495601,51.50021,51.489478,51.486392,51.505458,51.488893,51.50613,51.506293,51.501298,51.499198,51.492615,51.497729,51.4975,51.486416,51.494672,51.493419,51.487506,51.493184,51.498985,51.509028,51.489094,51.497975,51.50518,51.488812,51.491488,51.499117,51.513101,51.504222,51.485582,51.510839,51.501753,51.487165,51.504176,51.493998,51.507713,51.495232,51.504216,51.501512,51.487648,51.500753,51.493228,51.492623,51.506587,51.512692,51.487165,51.494864,51.49261,51.49273,51.488241,51.498737,51.505921,51.486158,51.506417,51.485011,51.498088,51.48475,51.506956,51.486196,51.485748,51.488727,51.504515,51.513062,51.486158,51.492692,51.499846,51.500658,51.495494,51.496306,51.488141,51.507192,51.486693,51.513839,51.500032,51.50693,51.497058,51.511291,51.493765,51.51052,51.496734,51.492529,51.504575,51.488912,51.492533,51.510839,51.499435,51.485237,51.486479,51.507377,51.493228,51.495877,51.500941,51.513828,51.485517,51.501126,51.501188,51.493551,51.49273,51.484375,51.493053,51.489275,51.499925,51.51025,51.493427,51.498037,51.501278,51.509428,51.498316,51.494155,51.493228,51.501815,51.499925,51.511768,51.491375,51.495407,51.497802,51.495125,51.493337,51.511669,51.508003,51.508003,51.513067,51.511691,51.495109,51.509053,51.486313,51.484632,51.496205,51.49449,51.485748,51.505569,51.486538,51.484426,51.501278,51.486309,51.507891,51.484686,51.486773,51.490878,51.489184,51.488545,51.511473,51.486693,51.492546,51.501126,51.49162,51.486057,51.500181,51.493427,51.493175,51.49394,51.487795,51.496104,51.492092,51.497264,51.489768,51.486679,51.500032,51.513824,51.502048,51.505444,51.501207,51.48817,51.510839,51.501675,51.507134,51.48854,51.491605,51.513644,51.512459,51.506587,51.500735,51.513671,51.505444,51.492094,51.512599,51.501188,51.513484,51.491329,51.498222,51.497515,51.513484,51.489886,51.512911,51.490054,51.500305,51.48404,51.500305,51.507891,51.492818,51.50021,51.489768,51.501274,51.498037,51.484917,51.505458,51.501202,51.488408,51.497264,51.493662,51.486802,51.512876,51.507321,51.512706,51.500201,51.512505,51.495877,51.510946,51.495879,51.499582,51.501753,51.49939,51.511473,51.487296,51.493184,51.507059,51.485517,51.512938,51.495407,51.49297,51.511457,51.486802,51.492341,51.497899,51.50613,51.498632,51.49379,51.502403,51.486158,51.491991,51.493106,51.511868,51.512378,51.497568,51.488441,51.493583,51.492094,51.501038,51.497312,51.512719,51.494328,51.502209,51.497608,51.499433,51.513166,51.500703,51.509135,51.49473,51.508201,51.513714,51.512749,51.48695,51.485336,51.48471,51.509135,51.494155,51.50613,51.497592,51.492263,51.497802,51.486773,51.512344,51.497058,51.499968,51.509692,51.493184,51.498366,51.512876,51.500333,51.490893,51.513638,51.506623,51.49872,51.504216,51.489322,51.501938,51.49832,51.495879,51.512345,51.490114,51.492922,51.508338,51.494491,51.499753,51.499823,51.490041,51.50822,51.485489,51.484677,51.498304,51.491787,51.48621,51.48947,51.503826,51.485754,51.495828,51.513303,51.507214,51.489392,51.512492,51.500201,51.510599,51.491223,51.501795,51.501795,51.490878,51.484248,51.507433,51.493014,51.500004,51.497122,51.498449,51.501298,51.488911,51.511726,51.499117,51.511609,51.507891,51.509135,51.502048,51.500463,51.51225,51.495877,51.497058,51.49261,51.510234,51.509933,51.493758,51.493239,51.497828,51.48947,51.501278,51.509684,51.511338,51.513104,51.489717,51.498936,51.487136,51.50282,51.513474,51.51299,51.492546,51.502048,51.502892,51.489218,51.485505,51.510839,51.496034,51.502743,51.503038,51.512897,51.49917,51.492574,51.487045,51.490114,51.51052,51.499349,51.493522,51.497482,51.496139,51.513828,51.513737,51.502743,51.498737,51.486915,51.499953,51.50784,51.510096,51.484242,51.511067,51.492249,51.499532,51.506526,51.513788,51.505195,51.499023,51.512118,51.487136,51.495085,51.509427,51.484248,51.4983,51.501964,51.501795,51.509787,51.488668,51.49273,51.499443,51.49809,51.510046,51.513839,51.491329,51.486457,51.486558,51.484632,51.512975,51.499117,51.498576,51.491806,51.484613,51.488417,51.49429,51.501753,51.485237,51.486309,51.497592,51.511391,51.511055,51.486158,51.50885,51.496009,51.510606,51.488796,51.513701,51.492548,51.501566,51.508486,51.499098,51.49948,51.485469,51.497426,51.497743,51.487045,51.513737,51.489886,51.492444,51.493583,51.484426,51.488441,51.501753,51.513145,51.490241,51.497941,51.509609,51.489696,51.490762,51.487795,51.495737,51.487711,51.500269,51.490241,51.498304,51.488401,51.490121,51.488352,51.510946,51.506344,51.498528,51.500471,51.491777,51.496809,51.501753,51.495311,51.498131,51.507214,51.513347,51.485748,51.497032,51.492264,51.509609,51.513552,51.484242,51.496291,51.491921,51.484242,51.487317,51.493318,51.511036,51.506167,51.493288,51.484455,51.500729,51.498037,51.501815,51.487032,51.489298,51.500057,51.498936,51.485939,51.493726,51.500472,51.51351,51.499056,51.495176,51.501278,51.500288,51.487543,51.501221,51.510275,51.500816,51.499575,51.500651,51.513343,51.497505,51.492341,51.502048,51.487619,51.507214,51.50613,51.498316,51.492408,51.499925,51.488755,51.498131,51.508528,51.497153,51.510946,51.50021,51.504687,51.497608,51.490429,51.508618,51.489022,51.500355,51.513063,51.495125,51.493239,51.490107,51.512975,51.500181,51.501126,51.511096,51.510974,51.50808,51.500753,51.4858,51.511726,51.500414,51.486313,51.51394,51.497072,51.49598,51.512175,51.503336,51.492971,51.492529,51.506666,51.497608,51.493096,51.497733,51.508123,51.486915,51.485219,51.512887,51.487165,51.50613,51.512896,51.512719,51.486687,51.497592,51.490107,51.508003,51.509005,51.488452,51.50896,51.500471,51.484659,51.485748,51.499605,51.505218,51.49604,51.490878,51.491366,51.49564,51.487032,51.50632,51.513114,51.49832,51.498366,51.495494,51.485219,51.512793,51.489963,51.486333,51.511036,51.499435,51.513363,51.513363,51.513363,51.501815,51.507377,51.501298,51.486479,51.512896,51.492299,51.491486,51.493401,51.492529,51.492188,51.491428,51.497697,51.488629,51.513343,51.485748,51.506012,51.506673,51.491053,51.495486,51.484175,51.49105,51.491391,51.496205,51.499871,51.487711,51.513077,51.489298,51.511268,51.48695,51.498304,51.488715,51.486829,51.485726,51.495828,51.506597,51.499823,51.490967,51.495601,51.503456,51.495601,51.49373,51.485358,51.490967,51.510606,51.49503,51.510158,51.512767,51.500718,51.512955,51.507377,51.511624,51.493886,51.492188,51.513459,51.490625,51.493184,51.513452,51.490468,51.485764,51.486866,51.513825,51.494489,51.492162,51.495737,51.503048,51.49261,51.490224,51.493113,51.486335,51.513828,51.498685,51.508274,51.488668,51.496291,51.489621,51.498928,51.485336,51.491266,51.484329,51.491668,51.487612,51.500816,51.509053,51.504908,51.513824,51.487165,51.494752,51.501566,51.497515,51.497407,51.487165,51.513114,51.492341,51.495496,51.51225,51.513495,51.494489,51.492263,51.509005,51.506013,51.484175,51.49393,51.501753,51.512103,51.501753,51.485,51.487658,51.501566,51.492253,51.507755,51.494381,51.487857,51.503826,51.503515,51.512558,51.50808,51.513701,51.508045,51.485469,51.492188,51.501815,51.511581,51.493184,51.490475,51.492546,51.501263,51.497592,51.487165,51.503048,51.510265,51.488365,51.512079,51.510946,51.495095,51.494202,51.485779,51.490831,51.48997,51.496938,51.510839,51.490878,51.501283,51.491787,51.493758,51.49236,51.490762,51.500718,51.495875,51.497557,51.501753,51.492341,51.512461,51.491366,51.499584,51.490158,51.485726,51.508221,51.508735,51.496232,51.512345,51.510158,51.484917,51.510839,51.51225,51.492206,51.485859,51.491856,51.497975,51.497899,51.49832,51.508113,51.503839,51.508642,51.496468,51.513363,51.486345,51.501678,51.500414,51.508003,51.486754,51.513363,51.497365,51.498632,51.50518,51.50462,51.484937,51.495902,51.489392,51.490893,51.511816,51.49832,51.494173,51.487919,51.500217,51.506965,51.506276,51.500269,51.51333,51.512975,51.508036,51.484242,51.493234,51.510003,51.507395,51.501174,51.511555,51.507834,51.497802,51.512773,51.497407,51.493033,51.498135,51.500269,51.513077,51.510725,51.49138,51.486158,51.511212,51.51153,51.484455,51.498137,51.497608,51.513552,51.49019,51.486754,51.49809,51.503763,51.512599,51.498304,51.492546,51.51132,51.507891,51.512975,51.507043,51.497407,51.51225,51.496199,51.497868,51.488715,51.500355,51.512558,51.512558,51.486675,51.494852,51.495568,51.513821,51.490355,51.494554,51.497067,51.495601,51.486679,51.510422,51.488698,51.509554,51.511816,51.490054,51.511694,51.51225,51.492529,51.492341,51.503328,51.485754,51.512908,51.508539,51.49931,51.511669,51.500735,51.490893,51.487165,51.490316,51.499006,51.485582,51.512232,51.512938,51.492341,51.499823,51.511556,51.487136,51.513839,51.494522,51.499435,51.490878,51.497351,51.486754,51.506013,51.506455,51.510158,51.507321,51.501566,51.511425,51.499868,51.501667,51.513096,51.510158,51.494852,51.511816,51.499925,51.507657,51.504643,51.490769,51.484268,51.51153,51.504176,51.494263,51.498737,51.501299,51.509838,51.487252,51.51395,51.50896,51.488365,51.491381,51.499823,51.499023,51.507891,51.511816,51.508723,51.488352,51.501038,51.501136,51.486158,51.485263,51.49503,51.49503,51.49503,51.496232,51.512459,51.509609,51.494852,51.502281,51.497899,51.511036,51.502743,51.491386,51.487538,51.487088,51.487032,51.497899,51.491787,51.510392,51.513062,51.496412,51.496723,51.508723,51.491165,51.513347,51.512938,51.49019,51.513096,51.501221,51.512258,51.507395,51.512384,51.487179,51.490831,51.50124,51.507433,51.504634,51.493486,51.505378,51.505059,51.491428,51.493053,51.496784,51.487658,51.500463,51.499063,51.48574,51.494855,51.491856,51.510599,51.490219,51.485336,51.492623,51.495737,51.51052,51.48982,51.512558,51.512938,51.513231,51.492184,51.496306,51.511734,51.501753,51.513495,51.497128,51.503038,51.512955,51.499433,51.502613,51.509634,51.485237,51.500269,51.510615,51.487619,51.508602,51.491668,51.496784,51.495125,51.513839,51.499502,51.484113,51.487165,51.510275,51.492223,51.494864,51.496784,51.507755,51.495531,51.48677,51.513833,51.48574,51.486778,51.506013,51.505537,51.512558,51.510003,51.49171,51.499506,51.501221,51.509933,51.49273,51.507298,51.501081,51.487179,51.502764,51.512975,51.512199,51.497513,51.50241,51.505576,51.512908,51.489753,51.501753,51.489684,51.492094,51.48475,51.49917,51.486456,51.488241,51.487664,51.49853,51.484175,51.489778,51.489271,51.509475,51.506802,51.485219,51.487619,51.501202,51.501202,51.498184,51.509904,51.498449,51.512063,51.510946,51.49314,51.486457,51.489778,51.490893,51.499727,51.491292,51.513732,51.498582,51.508036,51.49058,51.501753,51.496784,51.507531,51.491622,51.497802,51.509418,51.504246,51.487165,51.48837,51.497608,51.513739,51.502403,51.493993,51.489903,51.493927,51.497975,51.511767,51.485011,51.486422,51.492341,51.491668,51.503775,51.494864,51.489945,51.513493,51.501566,51.494864,51.51206,51.497899,51.50021,51.495215,51.486213,51.496291,51.497568,51.507439,51.513495,51.492162,51.512719,51.493313,51.512672,51.506013,51.494864,51.496034,51.494864,51.507214,51.484632,51.499968,51.485975,51.500463,51.485754,51.486418,51.505811,51.506814,51.510158,51.498328,51.48574,51.508248,51.49138,51.513495,51.489478,51.499925,51.502966,51.487045,51.489446,51.486754,51.490536,51.488241,51.49349,51.494805,51.486754,51.509787,51.50634,51.48758,51.51025,51.506013,51.487543,51.506905,51.509634,51.487179,51.500599,51.491516,51.492162,51.488417,51.500181,51.510606,51.507214,51.499506,51.508045,51.503856,51.499986,51.494864,51.498903,51.500032,51.487242,51.501278,51.492093,51.491381,51.499132,51.496121,51.505179,51.501828,51.51206,51.512345,51.49002,51.498576,51.497975,51.496541,51.507439,51.497286,51.506635,51.485,51.493551,51.507877,51.489959,51.49408,51.495693,51.49058,51.4858,51.48726,51.513644,51.495405,51.485929,51.490219,51.513495,51.506211,51.491386,51.486418,51.486418,51.505569,51.489116,51.490965,51.487129,51.48981,51.493175,51.507214,51.492341,51.501815,51.512345,51.512899,51.496485,51.508107,51.501202,51.499847,51.492341,51.511726,51.513819,51.513734,51.510946,51.502613,51.513904,51.51225,51.492273,51.510761,51.495752,51.510946,51.510158,51.50021,51.486098,51.501309,51.498088,51.487088,51.484268,51.492574,51.512975,51.507377,51.501174,51.495407,51.492623,51.513899,51.505059,51.497975,51.497153,51.501938,51.513738,51.506802,51.513226,51.511229,51.491102,51.496104,51.512975,51.500404,51.498135,51.504515,51.484677,51.494155,51.498304,51.496213,51.512811,51.485748,51.509082,51.513869,51.487769,51.499117,51.492925,51.512118,51.500463,51.493029,51.495601,51.50582,51.499506,51.508274,51.500181,51.501126,51.511691,51.505975,51.501188,51.496445,51.501998,51.509475,51.494522,51.512749,51.492184,51.505811,51.490551,51.489965,51.492249,51.492005,51.489684,51.50357,51.512118,51.512118,51.493053,51.50685,51.510732,51.513739,51.497743,51.498131,51.484248,51.513075,51.493886,51.496784,51.500471,51.506013,51.492341,51.49819,51.497843,51.507513,51.488755,51.489743,51.509634,51.51299,51.498632,51.486158,51.498088,51.489116,51.512773,51.497568,51.513114,51.49931,51.511291,51.513484,51.495085,51.513251,51.499413,51.486915,51.498632,51.489886,51.513495,51.495125,51.49393,51.512672,51.49058,51.492364,51.505676,51.499023,51.489945,51.491231,51.491947,51.491973,51.51052,51.50837,51.508735,51.512997,51.502892,51.492206,51.507531,51.485939,51.49872,51.489828,51.48939,51.486778,51.496783,51.497359,51.494852,51.496291,51.488727,51.510839,51.51033,51.500039,51.505378,51.509053,51.49461,51.495317,51.494903,51.498304,51.497524,51.494557,51.488698,51.501221,51.513145,51.484613,51.500032,51.485336,51.50219,51.513798,51.498088,51.509135,51.489218,51.501645,51.508221,51.511338,51.509035,51.497608,51.497351,51.510761,51.499309,51.502613,51.489828,51.494166,51.507877,51.48677,51.512278,51.489094,51.513251,51.500032,51.513681,51.513761,51.500941,51.48471,51.500471,51.511026,51.495601,51.512719,51.509418,51.495072,51.499023,51.498768,51.499953,51.485181,51.506012,51.4857,51.492925,51.490179],[-0.209344,-0.131284,-0.174381,-0.161237,-0.151075,-0.222571,-0.119685,-0.206456,-0.218501,-0.153714,-0.166791,-0.120498,-0.19374,-0.20748,-0.209787,-0.199649,-0.208288,-0.195761,-0.193348,-0.185035,-0.218914,-0.129672,-0.187559,-0.19413,-0.16509,-0.161413,-0.197178,-0.164406,-0.195654,-0.190237,-0.169232,-0.188461,-0.147168,-0.157259,-0.180868,-0.180868,-0.161386,-0.124933,-0.192409,-0.114389,-0.131575,-0.211981,-0.221067,-0.120812,-0.155178,-0.198317,-0.109059,-0.145215,-0.179739,-0.222114,-0.187908,-0.197787,-0.193069,-0.201794,-0.222114,-0.216779,-0.185765,-0.177197,-0.147159,-0.166331,-0.185363,-0.182611,-0.182852,-0.138102,-0.160118,-0.15807,-0.121417,-0.209902,-0.129759,-0.178492,-0.105257,-0.143678,-0.111186,-0.221402,-0.19413,-0.194232,-0.151387,-0.209868,-0.218599,-0.131322,-0.197382,-0.203228,-0.164637,-0.185478,-0.126656,-0.182664,-0.173175,-0.179465,-0.206315,-0.212985,-0.212985,-0.129672,-0.180969,-0.196669,-0.113081,-0.212663,-0.142391,-0.194687,-0.152065,-0.209992,-0.159966,-0.139577,-0.185188,-0.224389,-0.127525,-0.216174,-0.129192,-0.203228,-0.218501,-0.194459,-0.188462,-0.162074,-0.169936,-0.221402,-0.191159,-0.188115,-0.119425,-0.192028,-0.214111,-0.182901,-0.14776,-0.182308,-0.195928,-0.126974,-0.150163,-0.213409,-0.187332,-0.186238,-0.157585,-0.190798,-0.185363,-0.163243,-0.126656,-0.167437,-0.181848,-0.214402,-0.223168,-0.130819,-0.15508,-0.159095,-0.169748,-0.224693,-0.181684,-0.14857,-0.156727,-0.11287,-0.133922,-0.184733,-0.180914,-0.21769,-0.134104,-0.140519,-0.142868,-0.186219,-0.109915,-0.149975,-0.114389,-0.210029,-0.184577,-0.202533,-0.141971,-0.20279,-0.218599,-0.185188,-0.162074,-0.147014,-0.175915,-0.144554,-0.109067,-0.106892,-0.159822,-0.153086,-0.15677,-0.178493,-0.224389,-0.133971,-0.146402,-0.142694,-0.197688,-0.199816,-0.170764,-0.161237,-0.156168,-0.168495,-0.178093,-0.130576,-0.201594,-0.167166,-0.195749,-0.223861,-0.175987,-0.164829,-0.129759,-0.190798,-0.172624,-0.199025,-0.16142,-0.185592,-0.19053,-0.175704,-0.222158,-0.188994,-0.164406,-0.206908,-0.155032,-0.152127,-0.214955,-0.193863,-0.193202,-0.192028,-0.17,-0.21369,-0.213674,-0.185363,-0.217808,-0.118741,-0.138148,-0.184214,-0.216232,-0.13291,-0.149985,-0.190793,-0.213409,-0.179646,-0.207533,-0.178906,-0.216779,-0.209333,-0.161413,-0.163505,-0.198383,-0.140519,-0.168259,-0.136698,-0.127774,-0.223168,-0.221673,-0.118452,-0.214948,-0.143974,-0.186238,-0.214827,-0.169303,-0.220661,-0.215434,-0.219935,-0.158465,-0.114389,-0.224137,-0.162858,-0.211256,-0.159966,-0.206892,-0.188029,-0.214439,-0.17811,-0.19158,-0.197973,-0.159346,-0.159096,-0.205975,-0.213211,-0.211357,-0.206546,-0.178851,-0.203552,-0.175696,-0.208502,-0.159822,-0.209333,-0.213592,-0.189641,-0.186431,-0.193754,-0.195821,-0.214439,-0.188417,-0.156316,-0.211357,-0.110839,-0.186238,-0.162568,-0.134898,-0.119267,-0.164716,-0.193625,-0.146307,-0.217697,-0.179122,-0.149719,-0.192421,-0.157585,-0.224137,-0.18703,-0.193039,-0.217814,-0.206546,-0.188417,-0.155254,-0.13487,-0.16421,-0.218814,-0.142387,-0.129759,-0.134787,-0.210934,-0.207647,-0.167731,-0.144265,-0.156316,-0.182166,-0.146166,-0.152797,-0.166348,-0.192421,-0.211388,-0.16245,-0.141881,-0.209992,-0.145059,-0.210068,-0.183019,-0.223337,-0.153355,-0.164406,-0.170474,-0.209992,-0.19413,-0.199649,-0.161025,-0.164105,-0.21221,-0.144941,-0.180868,-0.170573,-0.165952,-0.214994,-0.210934,-0.174062,-0.183253,-0.161065,-0.129759,-0.129759,-0.183019,-0.151518,-0.129721,-0.161295,-0.164406,-0.222924,-0.132809,-0.113047,-0.143974,-0.133951,-0.164406,-0.151849,-0.193348,-0.189088,-0.206908,-0.202289,-0.188462,-0.220969,-0.16592,-0.160902,-0.1399,-0.216134,-0.160494,-0.151634,-0.186454,-0.15847,-0.161237,-0.128919,-0.215766,-0.182304,-0.209491,-0.211357,-0.224875,-0.18042,-0.13487,-0.19413,-0.167238,-0.180868,-0.180969,-0.217938,-0.16142,-0.159346,-0.166423,-0.16392,-0.178093,-0.161083,-0.158465,-0.177178,-0.197092,-0.173081,-0.219747,-0.221402,-0.180868,-0.140139,-0.162568,-0.164577,-0.192236,-0.106788,-0.159346,-0.188462,-0.187541,-0.164347,-0.189602,-0.209642,-0.106348,-0.219479,-0.154019,-0.175915,-0.172597,-0.146946,-0.219479,-0.180238,-0.212956,-0.185765,-0.131794,-0.199174,-0.155985,-0.168443,-0.11413,-0.161237,-0.214321,-0.178493,-0.219479,-0.192321,-0.185958,-0.159782,-0.163505,-0.213131,-0.18042,-0.166603,-0.176021,-0.194994,-0.167243,-0.185188,-0.180868,-0.213422,-0.194887,-0.122221,-0.223386,-0.198534,-0.185069,-0.18139,-0.114389,-0.185035,-0.182901,-0.206892,-0.194306,-0.10611,-0.114188,-0.142663,-0.194352,-0.116419,-0.146953,-0.109534,-0.114518,-0.220346,-0.186968,-0.149985,-0.106025,-0.178284,-0.179235,-0.138977,-0.193625,-0.161566,-0.192926,-0.114019,-0.144554,-0.114598,-0.107262,-0.10933,-0.177514,-0.20625,-0.145215,-0.186179,-0.155254,-0.156421,-0.209459,-0.188561,-0.180387,-0.169628,-0.221402,-0.184872,-0.149719,-0.173671,-0.179796,-0.129759,-0.174912,-0.171314,-0.166632,-0.196385,-0.193754,-0.188725,-0.169447,-0.205949,-0.161924,-0.156942,-0.170926,-0.155571,-0.118741,-0.196385,-0.166719,-0.108018,-0.14454,-0.196412,-0.179929,-0.162944,-0.16245,-0.179122,-0.17811,-0.168259,-0.12989,-0.214019,-0.196375,-0.21008,-0.13966,-0.186454,-0.176174,-0.134395,-0.170122,-0.153862,-0.137086,-0.19976,-0.204972,-0.224389,-0.159095,-0.218794,-0.105331,-0.151387,-0.155571,-0.224615,-0.130697,-0.115592,-0.109103,-0.114389,-0.10796,-0.186968,-0.141284,-0.106073,-0.218794,-0.211388,-0.146402,-0.107365,-0.10611,-0.1128,-0.218794,-0.151863,-0.121295,-0.195352,-0.194749,-0.170694,-0.198383,-0.145059,-0.149975,-0.146402,-0.145017,-0.180868,-0.216642,-0.219935,-0.159822,-0.129031,-0.142735,-0.162451,-0.161299,-0.1656,-0.179235,-0.116905,-0.115103,-0.167392,-0.221402,-0.166174,-0.148147,-0.151577,-0.218914,-0.132809,-0.126999,-0.202574,-0.131575,-0.112488,-0.193989,-0.150352,-0.189178,-0.139146,-0.110992,-0.107301,-0.148204,-0.209176,-0.176174,-0.145675,-0.122226,-0.220969,-0.157705,-0.186454,-0.149155,-0.209992,-0.155256,-0.195928,-0.212071,-0.154415,-0.163774,-0.167243,-0.142319,-0.107453,-0.206175,-0.2066,-0.192007,-0.194994,-0.215434,-0.176764,-0.208053,-0.175696,-0.160957,-0.193348,-0.115173,-0.117901,-0.222571,-0.181072,-0.215073,-0.218501,-0.218501,-0.196215,-0.181684,-0.143678,-0.13848,-0.19914,-0.145059,-0.217814,-0.208181,-0.174381,-0.209657,-0.15736,-0.194762,-0.159782,-0.217298,-0.1542,-0.172624,-0.159052,-0.143274,-0.161237,-0.211962,-0.184733,-0.197092,-0.214962,-0.188625,-0.137836,-0.154415,-0.170926,-0.217814,-0.181108,-0.209992,-0.159966,-0.192887,-0.19158,-0.123825,-0.220661,-0.184214,-0.19511,-0.206742,-0.183544,-0.21733,-0.159966,-0.182308,-0.19914,-0.162074,-0.161071,-0.163056,-0.146402,-0.215863,-0.197092,-0.172053,-0.176764,-0.198383,-0.206546,-0.210029,-0.157292,-0.202926,-0.171059,-0.200335,-0.221402,-0.197062,-0.183255,-0.131284,-0.182217,-0.115963,-0.159306,-0.193368,-0.128966,-0.202574,-0.172624,-0.150352,-0.167392,-0.159347,-0.156615,-0.211357,-0.147035,-0.179695,-0.150441,-0.198967,-0.177178,-0.14454,-0.132918,-0.179122,-0.134792,-0.177498,-0.147035,-0.200834,-0.120023,-0.118623,-0.146402,-0.178363,-0.158765,-0.179796,-0.221402,-0.211204,-0.14021,-0.116905,-0.221402,-0.185592,-0.142319,-0.20825,-0.163556,-0.177197,-0.136698,-0.205399,-0.161299,-0.105504,-0.213209,-0.148305,-0.117576,-0.156316,-0.136712,-0.203344,-0.194242,-0.16142,-0.213211,-0.120826,-0.192482,-0.159052,-0.15789,-0.209992,-0.150441,-0.183544,-0.120826,-0.211357,-0.218814,-0.180868,-0.107978,-0.199956,-0.169447,-0.144265,-0.179956,-0.164585,-0.129759,-0.128348,-0.118412,-0.185592,-0.217145,-0.137427,-0.138977,-0.185188,-0.15847,-0.157193,-0.120257,-0.133524,-0.176657,-0.218814,-0.185478,-0.222227,-0.162814,-0.219326,-0.209787,-0.170749,-0.206857,-0.159966,-0.212143,-0.116905,-0.217108,-0.189799,-0.136936,-0.209459,-0.197977,-0.118528,-0.219236,-0.122221,-0.108983,-0.163041,-0.215062,-0.14378,-0.209787,-0.190793,-0.19976,-0.143707,-0.221402,-0.114987,-0.179956,-0.20666,-0.195928,-0.148068,-0.152888,-0.198317,-0.116128,-0.185363,-0.2066,-0.11575,-0.190036,-0.149659,-0.141108,-0.178093,-0.160854,-0.207533,-0.16392,-0.222909,-0.116128,-0.159822,-0.222398,-0.210906,-0.138699,-0.178093,-0.192747,-0.149719,-0.145215,-0.146307,-0.137101,-0.18106,-0.132331,-0.219326,-0.193759,-0.199649,-0.178363,-0.113726,-0.190507,-0.152201,-0.106546,-0.133242,-0.212111,-0.134794,-0.215637,-0.198534,-0.162,-0.142624,-0.14511,-0.201594,-0.149685,-0.151728,-0.210906,-0.216578,-0.142655,-0.161566,-0.138313,-0.184065,-0.160798,-0.214014,-0.207647,-0.134792,-0.115614,-0.208502,-0.209657,-0.172705,-0.180868,-0.114344,-0.220661,-0.141132,-0.10611,-0.180511,-0.168331,-0.193398,-0.169232,-0.184162,-0.153894,-0.105172,-0.12026,-0.136098,-0.194828,-0.197092,-0.212671,-0.166235,-0.143974,-0.210906,-0.16379,-0.205975,-0.147035,-0.142828,-0.175696,-0.188048,-0.214309,-0.156615,-0.172505,-0.182611,-0.184658,-0.18042,-0.159052,-0.195938,-0.106788,-0.210029,-0.216756,-0.156421,-0.162968,-0.10611,-0.158465,-0.162074,-0.167107,-0.223079,-0.110992,-0.110005,-0.117998,-0.137759,-0.15687,-0.224615,-0.119966,-0.127156,-0.116128,-0.114389,-0.174624,-0.209348,-0.210934,-0.200468,-0.146307,-0.133012,-0.10933,-0.162253,-0.120826,-0.179317,-0.169042,-0.210906,-0.176764,-0.111333,-0.211204,-0.148305,-0.177004,-0.113081,-0.155729,-0.19637,-0.199874,-0.145252,-0.186672,-0.151728,-0.131034,-0.187332,-0.202745,-0.114389,-0.206315,-0.128237,-0.133371,-0.11413,-0.194749,-0.175987,-0.184317,-0.211357,-0.184214,-0.176634,-0.146307,-0.111105,-0.185713,-0.159346,-0.188247,-0.199174,-0.200454,-0.168512,-0.163056,-0.219539,-0.196365,-0.209902,-0.192409,-0.189124,-0.215438,-0.127272,-0.200468,-0.129759,-0.138469,-0.217145,-0.2066,-0.106451,-0.166632,-0.178284,-0.177189,-0.145215,-0.106547,-0.178093,-0.188462,-0.138366,-0.186577,-0.108961,-0.187181,-0.15508,-0.209957,-0.159852,-0.224446,-0.118839,-0.179235,-0.132032,-0.180969,-0.161386,-0.180969,-0.169936,-0.114389,-0.179106,-0.150352,-0.133236,-0.16142,-0.177793,-0.19374,-0.188461,-0.202952,-0.156942,-0.13992,-0.179235,-0.160118,-0.181684,-0.15669,-0.170553,-0.18703,-0.133649,-0.186431,-0.140357,-0.220894,-0.141998,-0.137427,-0.146307,-0.161503,-0.219399,-0.224336,-0.146946,-0.2066,-0.223511,-0.146402,-0.114389,-0.138366,-0.186454,-0.152649,-0.210029,-0.159852,-0.155262,-0.114389,-0.126974,-0.163041,-0.160798,-0.211204,-0.20748,-0.148642,-0.146166,-0.215062,-0.183963,-0.163556,-0.15789,-0.211644,-0.208134,-0.159822,-0.167487,-0.204929,-0.191056,-0.182196,-0.166632,-0.188115,-0.150478,-0.165253,-0.12183,-0.161675,-0.18042,-0.194749,-0.118412,-0.166428,-0.184162,-0.169628,-0.172084,-0.157434,-0.197092,-0.162077,-0.159673,-0.202972,-0.118623,-0.154364,-0.159096,-0.114598,-0.149685,-0.118741,-0.179956,-0.11033,-0.21743,-0.167976,-0.170855,-0.155325,-0.209807,-0.10933,-0.112931,-0.153532,-0.134794,-0.209992,-0.132352,-0.110804,-0.190028,-0.188462,-0.211388,-0.208288,-0.1774,-0.16142,-0.159822,-0.167487,-0.193304,-0.176764,-0.20748,-0.194242,-0.123978,-0.159363,-0.187084,-0.129192,-0.192617,-0.198383,-0.143974,-0.163817,-0.120556,-0.190508,-0.115614,-0.12636,-0.208502,-0.197914,-0.143123,-0.150441,-0.224078,-0.205399,-0.11065,-0.147159,-0.109067,-0.162451,-0.220176,-0.220176,-0.177498,-0.217276,-0.121295,-0.205399,-0.197382,-0.171445,-0.142236,-0.22258,-0.116664,-0.118741,-0.122221,-0.192517,-0.174107,-0.147168,-0.127664,-0.145443,-0.221402,-0.109067,-0.168443,-0.18199,-0.193348,-0.163817,-0.107262,-0.129721,-0.206908,-0.134565,-0.136128,-0.145803,-0.16392,-0.205748,-0.11575,-0.220137,-0.159966,-0.179929,-0.183462,-0.187908,-0.15508,-0.148068,-0.188391,-0.170537,-0.163505,-0.14378,-0.146307,-0.210976,-0.155262,-0.115994,-0.11009,-0.141998,-0.193348,-0.105641,-0.14378,-0.14655,-0.192409,-0.138998,-0.22174,-0.181785,-0.151461,-0.214713,-0.206908,-0.186431,-0.159966,-0.175704,-0.106788,-0.15508,-0.187084,-0.145702,-0.21008,-0.182928,-0.134292,-0.156727,-0.16509,-0.219102,-0.142983,-0.218915,-0.11413,-0.184981,-0.209348,-0.21221,-0.216178,-0.192409,-0.155262,-0.146307,-0.114518,-0.158417,-0.185765,-0.133404,-0.155194,-0.155194,-0.11287,-0.158465,-0.20596,-0.165741,-0.150301,-0.140507,-0.162568,-0.176764,-0.218914,-0.122221,-0.112578,-0.139119,-0.11413,-0.184611,-0.178906,-0.143281,-0.20793,-0.216666,-0.165908,-0.216178,-0.174624,-0.129759,-0.15847,-0.163192,-0.138274,-0.157785,-0.137086,-0.208502,-0.155491,-0.183649,-0.198805,-0.20763,-0.204437,-0.221067,-0.155571,-0.223861,-0.166791,-0.132308,-0.193348,-0.160476,-0.181848,-0.167555,-0.185713,-0.166423,-0.134787,-0.147159,-0.164637,-0.127147,-0.16245,-0.21769,-0.206857,-0.193508,-0.151728,-0.193625,-0.177178,-0.194687,-0.152257,-0.137966,-0.120942,-0.190028,-0.219791,-0.221402,-0.218794,-0.206892,-0.137427,-0.185478,-0.215863,-0.192632,-0.209929,-0.20763,-0.221708,-0.221708,-0.151863,-0.213131,-0.202972,-0.192935,-0.133574,-0.197701,-0.165542,-0.205382,-0.204673,-0.171059,-0.128273,-0.203381,-0.150441,-0.184317,-0.166292,-0.19222,-0.15807,-0.146256,-0.167009,-0.206456,-0.128237,-0.180053,-0.129759,-0.20596,-0.138951,-0.159782,-0.216025,-0.171608,-0.195161,-0.174624,-0.143678,-0.221067,-0.165908,-0.16421,-0.209929,-0.19271,-0.221618,-0.112602,-0.193754,-0.210906,-0.18041,-0.221402,-0.107776,-0.211062,-0.218794,-0.179997,-0.169628,-0.167392,-0.142178,-0.148749,-0.223102,-0.119114,-0.209348,-0.151231,-0.151705,-0.206908,-0.184357,-0.189969,-0.19271,-0.206908,-0.198453,-0.219399,-0.176634,-0.221708,-0.129759,-0.185958,-0.16142,-0.143123,-0.167157,-0.186305,-0.195749,-0.206857,-0.194557,-0.187181,-0.201594,-0.190733,-0.165542,-0.12391,-0.201663,-0.212985,-0.110216,-0.161675,-0.209868,-0.114518,-0.173195,-0.168512,-0.124673,-0.182217,-0.171059,-0.219326,-0.172797,-0.166348,-0.214955,-0.15687,-0.162088,-0.217276,-0.189862,-0.116234,-0.205949,-0.202574,-0.209333,-0.217697,-0.212071,-0.199174,-0.169628,-0.197382,-0.159966,-0.157332,-0.173442,-0.208729,-0.107453,-0.184981,-0.217419,-0.155194,-0.149155,-0.175696,-0.21249,-0.189024,-0.19489,-0.193398,-0.170855,-0.10933,-0.166348,-0.174381,-0.125657,-0.134898,-0.194687,-0.162074,-0.179956,-0.198453,-0.222609,-0.166791,-0.144265,-0.208582,-0.217069,-0.147509,-0.221402,-0.20748,-0.16142,-0.177197,-0.198453,-0.217175,-0.193989,-0.148749,-0.164975,-0.186219,-0.141971,-0.155194,-0.178093,-0.167392,-0.170553,-0.209491,-0.220661,-0.220852,-0.170764,-0.139325,-0.16421,-0.146255,-0.193069,-0.224065,-0.196041,-0.19413,-0.216174,-0.165908,-0.194687,-0.185363,-0.143678,-0.206908,-0.20625,-0.164716,-0.216036,-0.134787,-0.187908,-0.165217,-0.223636,-0.185188,-0.165812,-0.152065,-0.157072,-0.154066,-0.19801,-0.189862,-0.218565,-0.170474,-0.152065,-0.219935,-0.166331,-0.153434,-0.218565,-0.196412,-0.186454,-0.214955,-0.157705,-0.174381,-0.152065,-0.179122,-0.162074,-0.138748,-0.15698,-0.113128,-0.162451,-0.223386,-0.186968,-0.196742,-0.158638,-0.203975,-0.166348,-0.168331,-0.177375,-0.116064,-0.161071,-0.141284,-0.186431,-0.117336,-0.155194,-0.221402,-0.159966,-0.19053,-0.11033,-0.108087,-0.188625,-0.119301,-0.219326,-0.112265,-0.14776,-0.170764,-0.218814,-0.114389,-0.168786,-0.148642,-0.149975,-0.209868,-0.110964,-0.158465,-0.195161,-0.148068,-0.175704,-0.166292,-0.13487,-0.125979,-0.153894,-0.222227,-0.114269,-0.223342,-0.217808,-0.179122,-0.181997,-0.153355,-0.153355,-0.185363,-0.151387,-0.175704,-0.156727,-0.148068,-0.116128,-0.156014,-0.161065,-0.1542,-0.194306,-0.184033,-0.137682,-0.151863,-0.116128,-0.183462,-0.209639,-0.223168,-0.191477,-0.106348,-0.188625,-0.21972,-0.136712,-0.219367,-0.145215,-0.202574,-0.19976,-0.161386,-0.118741,-0.157078,-0.156496,-0.152226,-0.16421,-0.121188,-0.163056,-0.143974,-0.219539,-0.183963,-0.162088,-0.197977,-0.159966,-0.112286,-0.212671,-0.223511,-0.200005,-0.221358,-0.219935,-0.220661,-0.172126,-0.206742,-0.159346,-0.211921,-0.224875,-0.153086,-0.223713,-0.194687,-0.194887,-0.166989,-0.219539,-0.160464,-0.213674,-0.143678,-0.213592,-0.22248,-0.147258,-0.216174,-0.189641,-0.194687,-0.191056,-0.193304,-0.202574,-0.166348,-0.180868,-0.114389,-0.156615,-0.117719,-0.143191,-0.166849,-0.185035,-0.160344,-0.110992,-0.198383,-0.129759,-0.162353,-0.200005,-0.165253,-0.114019,-0.120158,-0.194391,-0.136936,-0.198453,-0.186238,-0.159966,-0.15687,-0.21237,-0.116267,-0.184214,-0.217984,-0.203381,-0.138594,-0.105814,-0.185188,-0.116419,-0.129721,-0.185913,-0.167157,-0.167157,-0.185478,-0.223429,-0.17465,-0.18074,-0.203195,-0.219326,-0.214568,-0.219935,-0.15982,-0.221402,-0.160826,-0.122221,-0.157785,-0.167238,-0.109219,-0.122221,-0.161237,-0.160902,-0.213131,-0.21369,-0.181997,-0.197977,-0.166804,-0.174381,-0.159966,-0.209159,-0.191638,-0.121188,-0.127772,-0.185363,-0.163056,-0.159822,-0.173566,-0.216642,-0.149267,-0.155834,-0.128348,-0.113128,-0.148305,-0.147509,-0.107262,-0.170553,-0.19687,-0.106983,-0.16142,-0.149461,-0.156858,-0.199174,-0.180238,-0.172624,-0.184317,-0.116191,-0.141782,-0.127376,-0.191557,-0.204972,-0.212143,-0.20825,-0.111824,-0.209508,-0.223168,-0.189799,-0.208582,-0.110203,-0.181072,-0.129721,-0.206293,-0.115592,-0.111186,-0.147035,-0.116234,-0.207647,-0.181785,-0.211981,-0.159347,-0.189544,-0.115173,-0.115592,-0.116419,-0.160494,-0.143974,-0.138131,-0.214955,-0.147168,-0.191638,-0.187908,-0.122771,-0.148028,-0.129759,-0.223429,-0.182304,-0.164105,-0.219539,-0.194687,-0.182611,-0.180868,-0.114389,-0.209868,-0.132833,-0.196742,-0.194687,-0.215678,-0.184415,-0.20625,-0.16592,-0.188561,-0.213411,-0.219326,-0.170694,-0.117991,-0.178493,-0.116905,-0.157785,-0.124852,-0.147035,-0.224939,-0.21118,-0.155302,-0.158417,-0.151048,-0.163056,-0.214079,-0.210906,-0.213411,-0.141284,-0.168512,-0.129721,-0.148667,-0.219326,-0.196045,-0.147035,-0.154228,-0.205399,-0.193906,-0.192519,-0.19373,-0.188625,-0.200554,-0.194687,-0.151728,-0.139503,-0.184981,-0.124571,-0.143974,-0.186623,-0.141971,-0.186968,-0.120908,-0.190507,-0.184872,-0.163505,-0.180969,-0.163041,-0.157317,-0.209333,-0.188417,-0.197787,-0.14857,-0.219166,-0.187181,-0.182829,-0.1128,-0.111333,-0.143036,-0.19687,-0.20625,-0.213484,-0.20662,-0.199956,-0.149643,-0.165497,-0.197178,-0.158465,-0.160344,-0.148465,-0.16379,-0.170553,-0.170553,-0.219935,-0.167392,-0.216174,-0.120023,-0.213774,-0.20625,-0.223429,-0.137775,-0.190181,-0.145097,-0.129824,-0.172917,-0.211717,-0.206908,-0.170553,-0.16142,-0.167731,-0.190554,-0.212671,-0.193759,-0.164406,-0.186431,-0.208288,-0.173081,-0.208288,-0.185713,-0.223429,-0.154985,-0.155194,-0.205399,-0.125675,-0.185765,-0.18199,-0.194244,-0.20825,-0.21532,-0.143678,-0.184577,-0.209929,-0.199174,-0.200834,-0.199174,-0.160798,-0.146307,-0.210029,-0.176174,-0.176174,-0.135532,-0.161924,-0.152065,-0.219326,-0.113047,-0.127272,-0.143281,-0.221618,-0.197178,-0.152065,-0.165741,-0.159852,-0.202574,-0.197155,-0.157317,-0.20141,-0.147159,-0.179122,-0.212671,-0.209459,-0.219326,-0.162068,-0.146402,-0.151518,-0.108432,-0.185718,-0.19801,-0.159822,-0.145702,-0.146166,-0.194244,-0.198453,-0.176657,-0.196385,-0.154415,-0.179122,-0.213409,-0.157317,-0.201768,-0.209868,-0.15807,-0.204758,-0.182304,-0.140519,-0.158465,-0.213131,-0.188462,-0.181844,-0.179956,-0.106892,-0.19242,-0.167433,-0.224885,-0.158465,-0.168443,-0.147839,-0.156615,-0.22258,-0.116905,-0.155194,-0.203923,-0.120603,-0.186672,-0.127724,-0.164406,-0.188561,-0.155262,-0.224875,-0.215678,-0.150352,-0.147258,-0.176021,-0.14454,-0.179739,-0.160494,-0.182928,-0.182928,-0.176923,-0.157705,-0.19923,-0.205748,-0.173772,-0.132934,-0.224137,-0.135402,-0.216653,-0.190507,-0.159966,-0.168495,-0.133371,-0.168402,-0.134656,-0.188417,-0.109991,-0.174381,-0.190798,-0.150352,-0.200867,-0.159096,-0.179122,-0.135023,-0.144554,-0.186968,-0.151387,-0.192409,-0.148786,-0.167487,-0.162968,-0.166292,-0.16142,-0.216284,-0.133583,-0.145637,-0.128237,-0.10864,-0.153355,-0.215073,-0.214994,-0.171411,-0.186672,-0.206742,-0.160464,-0.155194,-0.177197,-0.182489,-0.171608,-0.166791,-0.221402,-0.185592,-0.213674,-0.186577,-0.223429,-0.149912,-0.122221,-0.214402,-0.148417,-0.17217,-0.223713,-0.21118,-0.208492,-0.159346,-0.152065,-0.168731,-0.2066,-0.149912,-0.219166,-0.13824,-0.14454,-0.163556,-0.160902,-0.134413,-0.171359,-0.182308,-0.220852,-0.223079,-0.120908,-0.173566,-0.147258,-0.205975,-0.156225,-0.186968,-0.212671,-0.172084,-0.193445,-0.10611,-0.20141,-0.11009,-0.116905,-0.119685,-0.214402,-0.157989,-0.197973,-0.173442,-0.159966,-0.159822,-0.203195,-0.217697,-0.164585,-0.196023,-0.189178,-0.217697,-0.107181,-0.107301,-0.132809,-0.160798,-0.216178,-0.216653,-0.162,-0.163817,-0.162253,-0.162845,-0.221324,-0.168259,-0.16142,-0.188461,-0.12636,-0.164975,-0.189353,-0.161675,-0.105546,-0.174381,-0.185032,-0.192154,-0.186845,-0.16142,-0.216653,-0.121417,-0.168402,-0.114518,-0.105414,-0.111448,-0.208729,-0.107629,-0.223429,-0.185363,-0.182829,-0.168402,-0.186238,-0.179122,-0.109067,-0.145675,-0.105414,-0.176923,-0.107301,-0.10611,-0.13743,-0.109991,-0.20596,-0.179122,-0.211921,-0.114598,-0.110203,-0.171488,-0.138469,-0.211204,-0.188115,-0.218125,-0.105641,-0.165092,-0.150272,-0.202926,-0.219935,-0.136029,-0.204993,-0.159822,-0.199819,-0.159346,-0.168331,-0.114389,-0.120603,-0.184981,-0.222227,-0.190798,-0.193989,-0.105948,-0.193202,-0.157705,-0.203344,-0.170694,-0.223861,-0.205748,-0.16421,-0.177004,-0.199956,-0.223861,-0.199174,-0.179235,-0.153086,-0.106282,-0.21369,-0.212071,-0.174624,-0.150352,-0.166989,-0.166348,-0.209992,-0.134413,-0.201483,-0.137443,-0.129824,-0.118623,-0.164692,-0.159346,-0.16693,-0.11398,-0.112959,-0.20322,-0.133797,-0.164692,-0.200767,-0.198224,-0.148204,-0.181997,-0.202952,-0.16142,-0.223342,-0.137836,-0.192409,-0.167433,-0.161025,-0.179106,-0.188391,-0.223386,-0.180511,-0.188247,-0.186962,-0.15508,-0.198383,-0.151705,-0.189178,-0.156727,-0.136098,-0.194244,-0.173195,-0.141682,-0.186968,-0.142983,-0.150352,-0.217276,-0.129824,-0.158465,-0.219326,-0.223168,-0.179317,-0.194749,-0.131983,-0.188391,-0.14605,-0.138148,-0.166348,-0.170791,-0.132461,-0.139662,-0.170573,-0.189799,-0.223337,-0.140894,-0.167487,-0.122101,-0.174359,-0.150441,-0.19115,-0.220176,-0.153383,-0.152797,-0.151075,-0.206908,-0.153939,-0.12359,-0.152888,-0.134389,-0.144481,-0.133951,-0.129722,-0.146166,-0.138131,-0.207572,-0.145803,-0.154066,-0.159052,-0.151714,-0.151714,-0.151714,-0.224137,-0.144504,-0.164406,-0.167731,-0.211921,-0.180599,-0.155194,-0.155227,-0.166989,-0.150388,-0.216134,-0.179553,-0.201667,-0.208729,-0.134565,-0.216642,-0.192926,-0.216025,-0.219166,-0.165217,-0.187908,-0.180868,-0.150828,-0.179956,-0.212985,-0.172621,-0.15508,-0.157598,-0.210906,-0.210906,-0.19737,-0.180868,-0.163505,-0.166989,-0.14511,-0.198019,-0.166989,-0.15687,-0.149723,-0.209929,-0.209929,-0.192076,-0.199591,-0.17,-0.15089,-0.205748,-0.18995,-0.187272,-0.180511,-0.157585,-0.180914,-0.212071,-0.192517,-0.192402,-0.216666,-0.125407,-0.158232,-0.196697,-0.197256,-0.16592,-0.168402,-0.166804,-0.161237,-0.221072,-0.210029,-0.188461,-0.221402,-0.115963,-0.188115,-0.215073,-0.186061,-0.199174,-0.173155,-0.162199,-0.165253,-0.19211,-0.211388,-0.164105,-0.215766,-0.194687,-0.162074,-0.141782,-0.163714,-0.19637,-0.169628,-0.138366,-0.184415,-0.162253,-0.161162,-0.19637,-0.145097,-0.177375,-0.170855,-0.161162,-0.209957,-0.212671,-0.184185,-0.217814,-0.188364,-0.16421,-0.150441,-0.19413,-0.105814,-0.214079,-0.156727,-0.133518,-0.173566,-0.198453,-0.188115,-0.221072,-0.221402,-0.175704,-0.20793,-0.223293,-0.106025,-0.194459,-0.170791,-0.139138,-0.127121,-0.185035,-0.113562,-0.116128,-0.122221,-0.112265,-0.110576,-0.21221,-0.190028,-0.162568,-0.134565,-0.139138,-0.173566,-0.197935,-0.159822,-0.200005,-0.118623,-0.199025,-0.107301,-0.224615,-0.163505,-0.161503,-0.18106,-0.209508,-0.168451,-0.135023,-0.192421,-0.181305,-0.186454,-0.193304,-0.182928,-0.223079,-0.221402,-0.19733,-0.214324,-0.186638,-0.199025,-0.165812,-0.16379,-0.161566,-0.167157,-0.185403,-0.175704,-0.155756,-0.157259,-0.174107,-0.155482,-0.202574,-0.175704,-0.158232,-0.181108,-0.164577,-0.185035,-0.183462,-0.16421,-0.188625,-0.159966,-0.194459,-0.185363,-0.193759,-0.21369,-0.194242,-0.157259,-0.16421,-0.16421,-0.189124,-0.150301,-0.163934,-0.157072,-0.192321,-0.178851,-0.13487,-0.120812,-0.157614,-0.110392,-0.160957,-0.161295,-0.177786,-0.179739,-0.190508,-0.179095,-0.108763,-0.111186,-0.143109,-0.154228,-0.22248,-0.21701,-0.197256,-0.186672,-0.168443,-0.111333,-0.121417,-0.200271,-0.182829,-0.112602,-0.194994,-0.215073,-0.192076,-0.110839,-0.122221,-0.16172,-0.151728,-0.109067,-0.141171,-0.186968,-0.121417,-0.108529,-0.209868,-0.220661,-0.114987,-0.114987,-0.117901,-0.110576,-0.160494,-0.19914,-0.107776,-0.15982,-0.121417,-0.107317,-0.222609,-0.217175,-0.166388,-0.120023,-0.203975,-0.194459,-0.171359,-0.209868,-0.122221,-0.11575,-0.203975,-0.168331,-0.110216,-0.161237,-0.113789,-0.122221,-0.147258,-0.159346,-0.214439,-0.18074,-0.138594,-0.202574,-0.195928,-0.195928,-0.188964,-0.167157,-0.146665,-0.136713,-0.209992,-0.120826,-0.146178,-0.168444,-0.150736,-0.219326,-0.153355,-0.223102,-0.109833,-0.162944,-0.164975,-0.15303,-0.106348,-0.112578,-0.155194,-0.109534,-0.112286,-0.108983,-0.14454,-0.108529,-0.185263,-0.219399,-0.215047,-0.201594,-0.192482,-0.108388,-0.20666,-0.194076,-0.203923,-0.197178,-0.159375,-0.216174,-0.18106,-0.14511,-0.177514,-0.110839,-0.212985,-0.132461,-0.185069,-0.186962,-0.168512,-0.209508,-0.164105,-0.194244,-0.161025,-0.15807,-0.203975,-0.186219,-0.188625,-0.165542,-0.159346,-0.186238,-0.185188,-0.112469,-0.181108,-0.221418,-0.15687,-0.182196,-0.108877,-0.217175,-0.168656,-0.132921,-0.149723,-0.178851,-0.201977,-0.209807,-0.160118,-0.156858,-0.141682,-0.15089,-0.15736,-0.210906,-0.128061,-0.133213,-0.217697,-0.107148,-0.111132,-0.14454,-0.196742,-0.155032,-0.125675,-0.209868,-0.18199,-0.199956,-0.109059,-0.155256,-0.164363,-0.151662,-0.143191,-0.126776,-0.156269,-0.194887,-0.188462,-0.183798,-0.170553,-0.210934,-0.162445,-0.159347,-0.174001,-0.179956,-0.167731,-0.147839,-0.209491,-0.159659,-0.194244,-0.149723,-0.160118,-0.150934,-0.123448,-0.132034,-0.129824,-0.223079,-0.155262,-0.145443,-0.143974,-0.141682,-0.148147,-0.146953,-0.165908,-0.176174,-0.15687,-0.159363,-0.178363,-0.144265,-0.177786,-0.182852,-0.185765,-0.159822,-0.199874,-0.183544,-0.185069,-0.16172,-0.129537,-0.165497,-0.215568,-0.200767,-0.208053,-0.185592,-0.12391,-0.202952,-0.127772,-0.194459,-0.206962,-0.209459,-0.178493,-0.218599,-0.185718,-0.143908,-0.2066,-0.177498,-0.15687,-0.194242,-0.185032,-0.182829,-0.194242,-0.181305,-0.109453,-0.193202,-0.151662,-0.108087,-0.2066,-0.179106,-0.185958,-0.224875,-0.185188,-0.193989,-0.16421,-0.151518,-0.202574,-0.207125,-0.179465,-0.201933,-0.186454,-0.219399,-0.171359,-0.186238,-0.217697,-0.217697,-0.156421,-0.179025,-0.138977,-0.167107,-0.128673,-0.179235,-0.194762,-0.165416,-0.213131,-0.162568,-0.131336,-0.116267,-0.160344,-0.183649,-0.199649,-0.219326,-0.146307,-0.178492,-0.213774,-0.173566,-0.211971,-0.181997,-0.163041,-0.201534,-0.130801,-0.180868,-0.174381,-0.185032,-0.174765,-0.144504,-0.166331,-0.199874,-0.145678,-0.139387,-0.160798,-0.186672,-0.132278,-0.136698,-0.208492,-0.216284,-0.201768,-0.134413,-0.132249,-0.213131,-0.166292,-0.155684,-0.210068,-0.16379,-0.107296,-0.178284,-0.146256,-0.17886,-0.208502,-0.202533,-0.187908,-0.147839,-0.196412,-0.192935,-0.186968,-0.186497,-0.142261,-0.189024,-0.205967,-0.217175,-0.16379,-0.16545,-0.15669,-0.159052,-0.156316,-0.168837,-0.159346,-0.203432,-0.221708,-0.16142,-0.137759,-0.170764,-0.165908,-0.188355,-0.203645,-0.183544,-0.170553,-0.15508,-0.199591,-0.202952,-0.146307,-0.160494,-0.209929,-0.216642,-0.160274,-0.146307,-0.20825,-0.146307,-0.12391,-0.146307,-0.206892,-0.109543,-0.143707,-0.188964,-0.155262,-0.186429,-0.116419,-0.16554,-0.174535,-0.159346,-0.132278,-0.142387,-0.191056,-0.152888,-0.166292,-0.223386,-0.178638,-0.223386,-0.111186,-0.128829,-0.134656,-0.151231,-0.198453,-0.199329,-0.180868,-0.187181,-0.221673,-0.159096,-0.145329,-0.206456,-0.157785,-0.192076,-0.11065,-0.198453,-0.146946,-0.133371,-0.219791,-0.149723,-0.220661,-0.21369,-0.164406,-0.182901,-0.143908,-0.142448,-0.197056,-0.143281,-0.155262,-0.146402,-0.182304,-0.157434,-0.194762,-0.151714,-0.170553,-0.140427,-0.182304,-0.171059,-0.143974,-0.190181,-0.14378,-0.125503,-0.168259,-0.173671,-0.21972,-0.140139,-0.129824,-0.164454,-0.194244,-0.132618,-0.153706,-0.16592,-0.201518,-0.223767,-0.187908,-0.13997,-0.219326,-0.191691,-0.164406,-0.173841,-0.188461,-0.206436,-0.14801,-0.202261,-0.224065,-0.1334,-0.149723,-0.132034,-0.217697,-0.127272,-0.166989,-0.151139,-0.137907,-0.107332,-0.160798,-0.164833,-0.164833,-0.122221,-0.180511,-0.13487,-0.151863,-0.118703,-0.186431,-0.142261,-0.223767,-0.135811,-0.21008,-0.184214,-0.216653,-0.21532,-0.159363,-0.216025,-0.19373,-0.209333,-0.155227,-0.168443,-0.19413,-0.152797,-0.144724,-0.192028,-0.183019,-0.14511,-0.118703,-0.175696,-0.121813,-0.159096,-0.15789,-0.192935,-0.121906,-0.189088,-0.187908,-0.141782,-0.173566,-0.164406,-0.213131,-0.148204,-0.132032,-0.197787,-0.107262,-0.179543,-0.130426,-0.141044,-0.148417,-0.179235,-0.179122,-0.206892,-0.175696,-0.199874,-0.137228,-0.112469,-0.199591,-0.11575,-0.183253,-0.204293,-0.14605,-0.184214,-0.213017,-0.206436,-0.116905,-0.184162,-0.159782,-0.137402,-0.179646,-0.188401,-0.123379,-0.209639,-0.145675,-0.188462,-0.165253,-0.224446,-0.216232,-0.159966,-0.141682,-0.111847,-0.191056,-0.209639,-0.19373,-0.144504,-0.174381,-0.19489,-0.161025,-0.211357,-0.18139,-0.165735,-0.175696,-0.162353,-0.187084,-0.130698,-0.184357,-0.174912,-0.142261,-0.186968,-0.197914,-0.171059,-0.122221,-0.111693,-0.165952,-0.218915,-0.152659,-0.159966,-0.209802,-0.195928,-0.156168,-0.147839,-0.122101,-0.136579,-0.148068,-0.137734,-0.182901,-0.1656,-0.190508,-0.137298,-0.221072,-0.187908,-0.159966,-0.182829,-0.211357,-0.180868,-0.178906,-0.196365,-0.197401,-0.20825,-0.224693,-0.179122,-0.157585,-0.223386,-0.179956,-0.167437,-0.212985,-0.163779,-0.151231,-0.157598,-0.214713,-0.203975,-0.12266,-0.200005,-0.171359,-0.146946,-0.107317,-0.155227,-0.149696,-0.183544,-0.224691,-0.217108,-0.166791,-0.105948,-0.202574,-0.138977,-0.198529,-0.138748,-0.149062,-0.105157,-0.13487,-0.188029,-0.208053,-0.141682,-0.161162,-0.121787,-0.14511,-0.215062,-0.156161,-0.120158,-0.167731,-0.202533,-0.175376,-0.220661,-0.198224,-0.18171,-0.170926,-0.132331,-0.157785,-0.223342,-0.20825,-0.136486,-0.173566,-0.122221,-0.141171,-0.203975,-0.134389,-0.167731,-0.161566,-0.10611,-0.157598,-0.202574,-0.20279,-0.143707,-0.195352,-0.214568,-0.122101,-0.172452,-0.122221,-0.159363,-0.196385,-0.194557,-0.167243,-0.108087,-0.182308,-0.179235,-0.130576,-0.186962,-0.190237,-0.169397,-0.220969,-0.220067,-0.186238,-0.19687,-0.151518,-0.169936,-0.19374,-0.184162,-0.145329,-0.116953,-0.201298,-0.218915,-0.138131,-0.108087,-0.18106,-0.224615,-0.138556,-0.111873,-0.199591,-0.161237,-0.143678,-0.19413,-0.147168,-0.219401,-0.149149,-0.207572,-0.209992,-0.119425,-0.115994,-0.167392,-0.115994,-0.200384,-0.220137,-0.194242,-0.13487,-0.186497,-0.132809,-0.167392,-0.211869,-0.150934,-0.213132,-0.159966,-0.205086,-0.161386,-0.138556,-0.19737,-0.219236,-0.109471,-0.146255,-0.210906,-0.182664,-0.195654,-0.209992,-0.178093,-0.179122,-0.169232,-0.186638,-0.160798,-0.1515,-0.152226,-0.134565,-0.201594,-0.144504,-0.222909,-0.178638,-0.213211,-0.109833,-0.164585,-0.111186,-0.197092,-0.159347,-0.133649,-0.202926,-0.196742,-0.18139,-0.199329,-0.166688,-0.178638,-0.166989,-0.175467,-0.194325,-0.132593,-0.171411,-0.146402,-0.178851,-0.206374,-0.117719,-0.149719,-0.193654,-0.203228,-0.166632,-0.202926,-0.198453,-0.138313,-0.219791,-0.143274,-0.219326,-0.196195,-0.20596,-0.196412,-0.173671,-0.193304,-0.211717,-0.210995,-0.143974,-0.173566,-0.184065,-0.155302,-0.178851,-0.209929,-0.110576,-0.120608,-0.143191,-0.115493,-0.186962,-0.116128,-0.18106,-0.14995,-0.219791,-0.177004,-0.166348,-0.199591,-0.152065,-0.196742,-0.155194,-0.193304,-0.179122,-0.195928,-0.172126,-0.206892,-0.179122,-0.132331,-0.110576,-0.211069,-0.120516,-0.194687,-0.189544,-0.219401,-0.168998,-0.168259,-0.209992,-0.219102,-0.177189,-0.179095,-0.21161,-0.161299,-0.186238,-0.182829,-0.197787,-0.159052,-0.179122,-0.170764,-0.220969,-0.180866,-0.216232,-0.183964,-0.211388,-0.16142,-0.142448,-0.155178,-0.150441,-0.16509,-0.114987,-0.223168,-0.133951,-0.208134,-0.193759,-0.127664,-0.193445,-0.203754,-0.172917,-0.116905,-0.199329,-0.164577,-0.163714,-0.204246,-0.185363,-0.217175,-0.202574,-0.137086,-0.117998,-0.213209,-0.119685,-0.182196,-0.162353,-0.213774,-0.194242,-0.158465,-0.149643,-0.184577,-0.187272,-0.212852,-0.182308,-0.186238,-0.194687,-0.184214,-0.160798,-0.192482,-0.20596,-0.135605,-0.146946,-0.186454,-0.178493,-0.145215,-0.1774,-0.177004,-0.188462,-0.174062,-0.16142,-0.17878,-0.183462,-0.21325,-0.198002,-0.179178,-0.182489,-0.181748,-0.162814,-0.116267,-0.206374,-0.140622,-0.149723,-0.152797,-0.21112,-0.18074,-0.220137,-0.216178,-0.184214,-0.154625,-0.19687,-0.19271,-0.198383,-0.180599,-0.176764,-0.218914,-0.159966,-0.18042,-0.198453,-0.198805,-0.220661,-0.209798,-0.192076,-0.163503,-0.178363,-0.165253,-0.178093,-0.194253,-0.202745,-0.185958,-0.194856,-0.179122,-0.151387,-0.180914,-0.188417,-0.218161,-0.148147,-0.171535,-0.158417,-0.197914,-0.166791,-0.209868,-0.11575,-0.220661,-0.153425,-0.15677,-0.219747,-0.194244,-0.177786,-0.156168,-0.21112,-0.170474,-0.15736,-0.193348,-0.120516,-0.172624,-0.133649,-0.21733,-0.134565,-0.172126,-0.174765,-0.150388,-0.218814,-0.163056,-0.148465,-0.166989,-0.114389,-0.201594,-0.185363,-0.134656,-0.223713,-0.17592,-0.195928,-0.197744,-0.182021,-0.197914,-0.120826,-0.138131,-0.196742,-0.175696,-0.184162,-0.122221,-0.186638,-0.179122,-0.138447,-0.175696,-0.138313,-0.114518,-0.141473,-0.136486,-0.155194,-0.188417,-0.2127,-0.224875,-0.194244,-0.126974,-0.182308,-0.203754,-0.202952,-0.19373,-0.179122,-0.110005,-0.16509,-0.220001,-0.192935,-0.175467,-0.221402,-0.224875,-0.163505,-0.171488,-0.222158,-0.158465,-0.151387,-0.163505,-0.145059,-0.157358,-0.152257,-0.118741,-0.15687,-0.106511,-0.184357,-0.214962,-0.210976,-0.17878,-0.200468,-0.139334,-0.152888,-0.149643,-0.194232,-0.196195,-0.157072,-0.138556,-0.170694,-0.167009,-0.130819,-0.202574,-0.202533,-0.186238,-0.128276,-0.145097,-0.109991,-0.179122,-0.183544,-0.188462,-0.163056,-0.184162,-0.155256,-0.140896,-0.19374,-0.15508,-0.213132,-0.174107,-0.197973,-0.174381,-0.151353,-0.179122,-0.191557,-0.133574,-0.205399,-0.173671,-0.186238,-0.108087,-0.159272,-0.194459,-0.154575,-0.187908,-0.158232,-0.209642,-0.205399,-0.114389,-0.150478,-0.209508,-0.20662,-0.196385,-0.193759,-0.144724,-0.21112,-0.109991,-0.224137,-0.172084,-0.188124,-0.178492,-0.18106,-0.156942,-0.198529,-0.206892,-0.15789,-0.219747,-0.115493,-0.209333,-0.216036,-0.117719,-0.214713,-0.181997,-0.184162,-0.186238,-0.180868,-0.149643,-0.21118,-0.133951,-0.16421,-0.21369,-0.198004,-0.142261,-0.184981,-0.204929,-0.167009,-0.19413,-0.19115,-0.180868,-0.202574,-0.156421,-0.138366,-0.181848,-0.220661,-0.109067,-0.179122,-0.136713,-0.178851,-0.209348,-0.181108,-0.123708,-0.216108,-0.185188,-0.162253,-0.215062,-0.168653,-0.179122,-0.117998,-0.160826,-0.223367,-0.216134,-0.196294,-0.115103,-0.137402,-0.187541,-0.144265,-0.223636,-0.145252,-0.186179,-0.186061,-0.162944,-0.148204,-0.189088,-0.147839,-0.149267,-0.143707,-0.194253,-0.184162,-0.182901,-0.173671,-0.111873,-0.11575,-0.204929,-0.192421,-0.157785,-0.118741,-0.218814,-0.159852,-0.220969,-0.201977,-0.138366,-0.165741,-0.219399,-0.220526,-0.166989,-0.199591,-0.212671,-0.213658,-0.223386,-0.130379,-0.180914,-0.185718,-0.204929,-0.15847,-0.166989,-0.188391,-0.168269,-0.191056,-0.20825,-0.161924,-0.110005,-0.147509,-0.200861,-0.200861,-0.215073,-0.180511,-0.170122,-0.213674,-0.159095,-0.173566,-0.188561,-0.183544,-0.185188,-0.150163,-0.167166,-0.158638,-0.223386,-0.137231,-0.198805,-0.219754,-0.160344,-0.217697,-0.209798,-0.112321,-0.200767,-0.187541,-0.182829,-0.159852,-0.19511,-0.20763,-0.155194,-0.212671,-0.197382,-0.155806,-0.188462,-0.19489,-0.191303,-0.194887,-0.107301,-0.137907,-0.223636,-0.203975,-0.216642,-0.22174,-0.128569,-0.208181,-0.184162,-0.169628,-0.151353,-0.202952,-0.172624,-0.170791,-0.179025,-0.19413,-0.156727,-0.172505,-0.22174,-0.156168,-0.143191,-0.220969,-0.142319,-0.161299,-0.21221,-0.187832,-0.142319,-0.161025,-0.139662,-0.216174,-0.21733,-0.222227,-0.21733,-0.198805,-0.205204,-0.158232,-0.107301,-0.187856,-0.213658,-0.188461,-0.114389,-0.194242,-0.162568,-0.194887,-0.107283,-0.177786,-0.153355,-0.124601,-0.178698,-0.172597,-0.124316,-0.192421,-0.186968,-0.146435,-0.201754,-0.186238,-0.203923,-0.200767,-0.181785,-0.18106,-0.212613,-0.218814,-0.150441,-0.191056,-0.131398,-0.122889,-0.177786,-0.219326,-0.119685,-0.209508,-0.15736,-0.141132,-0.214568,-0.179122,-0.160494,-0.120257,-0.13848,-0.19821,-0.212956,-0.136712,-0.184214,-0.156168,-0.186497,-0.153451,-0.151387,-0.187008,-0.220137,-0.16142,-0.223861,-0.131336,-0.11287,-0.143678,-0.132393,-0.154019,-0.218565,-0.184951,-0.179796,-0.20279,-0.223713,-0.143678,-0.185718,-0.209508,-0.159822,-0.188401,-0.20825,-0.160344,-0.193109,-0.186179,-0.174393,-0.151048,-0.18106,-0.211066,-0.153355,-0.163774,-0.206908,-0.18199,-0.127655,-0.167556,-0.21369,-0.211204,-0.206488,-0.215678,-0.146435,-0.147035,-0.190733,-0.153383,-0.19687,-0.179553,-0.176174,-0.157585,-0.190044,-0.132461,-0.166791,-0.197977,-0.159966,-0.166423,-0.162858,-0.163779,-0.107453,-0.175696,-0.155729,-0.159347,-0.129721,-0.162802,-0.172452,-0.172597,-0.216582,-0.145443,-0.220067,-0.220067,-0.217697,-0.178363,-0.1515,-0.160957,-0.192935,-0.20322,-0.164585,-0.196385,-0.122792,-0.156269,-0.216036,-0.141473,-0.198805,-0.143678,-0.216642,-0.166348,-0.129759,-0.192421,-0.186179,-0.156421,-0.197401,-0.156615,-0.175794,-0.127411,-0.187128,-0.174107,-0.223386,-0.137445,-0.198453,-0.180599,-0.157705,-0.161237,-0.185363,-0.119267,-0.177197,-0.17442,-0.182829,-0.216642,-0.218914,-0.141448,-0.19914,-0.184162,-0.20793,-0.107181,-0.213131,-0.147258,-0.106983,-0.169042,-0.219935,-0.190733,-0.148204,-0.150934,-0.155491,-0.12731,-0.164692,-0.118741,-0.127147,-0.107181,-0.220661,-0.133518,-0.198383,-0.221402,-0.141881,-0.185478,-0.123798,-0.133574,-0.186845,-0.200717,-0.149614,-0.148147,-0.209902,-0.148068,-0.185363,-0.138313,-0.148465,-0.178363,-0.220894,-0.194687,-0.220067,-0.12924,-0.22258,-0.194749,-0.214439,-0.152065,-0.143281,-0.144265,-0.161299,-0.19733,-0.182304,-0.173566,-0.15508,-0.216036,-0.207125,-0.120498,-0.218475,-0.191477,-0.157434,-0.186238,-0.173671,-0.137231,-0.159822,-0.213078,-0.145675,-0.179122,-0.199819,-0.153532,-0.14454,-0.195654,-0.128273,-0.185263,-0.193348,-0.197787,-0.182021,-0.166719,-0.179956,-0.112602,-0.21972,-0.219935,-0.127147,-0.161025,-0.174535,-0.184214,-0.158638,-0.136712,-0.186238,-0.135098,-0.175704,-0.196215,-0.209992,-0.209807,-0.188417,-0.188462,-0.149985,-0.161675,-0.196742,-0.175704,-0.159966,-0.168402,-0.171445,-0.201879,-0.186968,-0.110216,-0.160476,-0.159346,-0.197092,-0.154638,-0.186238,-0.161196,-0.155262,-0.129721,-0.166206,-0.185188,-0.147152,-0.132277,-0.209992,-0.151728,-0.185478,-0.163505,-0.105814,-0.185478,-0.162353,-0.209636,-0.146166,-0.149865,-0.205949,-0.209868,-0.19158,-0.213658,-0.15847,-0.122221,-0.176923,-0.180081,-0.161237,-0.141682,-0.174268,-0.186577,-0.126407,-0.138094,-0.166388,-0.223386,-0.222114,-0.186672,-0.158465,-0.138977,-0.217814,-0.165908,-0.224693,-0.190793,-0.164637,-0.219326,-0.216642,-0.174238,-0.129721,-0.209508,-0.180914,-0.200135,-0.166989,-0.194762,-0.155262,-0.144481,-0.206374,-0.186968,-0.158232,-0.193398,-0.16142,-0.128276,-0.15138,-0.138748,-0.167433,-0.128256,-0.161924,-0.152405,-0.105414,-0.15508,-0.155194,-0.159852,-0.122226,-0.145059,-0.211204,-0.184981,-0.116064,-0.156269,-0.188625,-0.159095,-0.117901,-0.167392,-0.182217,-0.141998,-0.216779,-0.224674,-0.147839,-0.151315,-0.16142,-0.170764,-0.224389,-0.197571,-0.133518,-0.164454,-0.116128,-0.180868,-0.209508,-0.201518,-0.151387,-0.106348,-0.159822,-0.105414,-0.200861,-0.196412,-0.206053,-0.211069,-0.159346,-0.160314,-0.185188,-0.209159,-0.221072,-0.126014,-0.217697,-0.160217,-0.168443,-0.122221,-0.213132,-0.214019,-0.215678,-0.211066,-0.216134,-0.164454,-0.193625,-0.152797,-0.174765,-0.146166,-0.182901,-0.189178,-0.189178,-0.189178,-0.15847,-0.11575,-0.196385,-0.111873,-0.201518,-0.165812,-0.183462,-0.105594,-0.147839,-0.205748,-0.184415,-0.223209,-0.161162,-0.190793,-0.185188,-0.196516,-0.108877,-0.164363,-0.115592,-0.221012,-0.1774,-0.188378,-0.188561,-0.195389,-0.161675,-0.195761,-0.176923,-0.179317,-0.179796,-0.159966,-0.219165,-0.173175,-0.171059,-0.155729,-0.197155,-0.157585,-0.200005,-0.187908,-0.221673,-0.187908,-0.165913,-0.211921,-0.200005,-0.14454,-0.109604,-0.150352,-0.12834,-0.151066,-0.198317,-0.11575,-0.133878,-0.186305,-0.205748,-0.163002,-0.196489,-0.18106,-0.200834,-0.183963,-0.109915,-0.222924,-0.187084,-0.212111,-0.159363,-0.149985,-0.109387,-0.156421,-0.181524,-0.168444,-0.188247,-0.118741,-0.115994,-0.196225,-0.22258,-0.163505,-0.204293,-0.10816,-0.20279,-0.182664,-0.111847,-0.182489,-0.222909,-0.217814,-0.213674,-0.211357,-0.203975,-0.180868,-0.192926,-0.193348,-0.187832,-0.185517,-0.180868,-0.214019,-0.219326,-0.209176,-0.129759,-0.158417,-0.212111,-0.188401,-0.196412,-0.146946,-0.221012,-0.129573,-0.186238,-0.120556,-0.186238,-0.10551,-0.114749,-0.193348,-0.149723,-0.146256,-0.113981,-0.163556,-0.107453,-0.224438,-0.192409,-0.136098,-0.128273,-0.205975,-0.179956,-0.205748,-0.15847,-0.127798,-0.18106,-0.134554,-0.182829,-0.166849,-0.159822,-0.180868,-0.109387,-0.21769,-0.20862,-0.19923,-0.186968,-0.195938,-0.108961,-0.209427,-0.120826,-0.10977,-0.166331,-0.184162,-0.217697,-0.224885,-0.166423,-0.175794,-0.167437,-0.188417,-0.151066,-0.184123,-0.157072,-0.186238,-0.219326,-0.184357,-0.160217,-0.163041,-0.146307,-0.171059,-0.209787,-0.154228,-0.216178,-0.147035,-0.150352,-0.188461,-0.184162,-0.129759,-0.168495,-0.174381,-0.179543,-0.15789,-0.119685,-0.215678,-0.224576,-0.220852,-0.203228,-0.216917,-0.189178,-0.201152,-0.106389,-0.188625,-0.200861,-0.114987,-0.189178,-0.148305,-0.15736,-0.219747,-0.194856,-0.203195,-0.169672,-0.162802,-0.206908,-0.177004,-0.215678,-0.151705,-0.150301,-0.171314,-0.208856,-0.211981,-0.196742,-0.13829,-0.15508,-0.195384,-0.185478,-0.13728,-0.143974,-0.201663,-0.167487,-0.126199,-0.197481,-0.20825,-0.183019,-0.185517,-0.201594,-0.163503,-0.196742,-0.195761,-0.152649,-0.173195,-0.179122,-0.189695,-0.146665,-0.209868,-0.183255,-0.16142,-0.151728,-0.1128,-0.114987,-0.152065,-0.218794,-0.143191,-0.159966,-0.182829,-0.211971,-0.198805,-0.15508,-0.148417,-0.185517,-0.129759,-0.114598,-0.156223,-0.219165,-0.167433,-0.192409,-0.192409,-0.206857,-0.156014,-0.151231,-0.172917,-0.141171,-0.177793,-0.221418,-0.187908,-0.137907,-0.192076,-0.175376,-0.138343,-0.177004,-0.216174,-0.144554,-0.129759,-0.147839,-0.219326,-0.188048,-0.175696,-0.14511,-0.145215,-0.224615,-0.147509,-0.156727,-0.206908,-0.180868,-0.139242,-0.184243,-0.181997,-0.224632,-0.150441,-0.219326,-0.157585,-0.120608,-0.185363,-0.144265,-0.159052,-0.182901,-0.217697,-0.162814,-0.114987,-0.146946,-0.134565,-0.150352,-0.124601,-0.193348,-0.183058,-0.177178,-0.175478,-0.132593,-0.150352,-0.156014,-0.177004,-0.166989,-0.12989,-0.1085,-0.149696,-0.127664,-0.146665,-0.149643,-0.138102,-0.220661,-0.111333,-0.124512,-0.109623,-0.12636,-0.211069,-0.20862,-0.188364,-0.157585,-0.209902,-0.198805,-0.177004,-0.152889,-0.201879,-0.186497,-0.117391,-0.179122,-0.221618,-0.109604,-0.109604,-0.109604,-0.216178,-0.179025,-0.209992,-0.156014,-0.224875,-0.119685,-0.146166,-0.107181,-0.162074,-0.165542,-0.163817,-0.122221,-0.119685,-0.166423,-0.135023,-0.168653,-0.167174,-0.190702,-0.152889,-0.153714,-0.166206,-0.150441,-0.1128,-0.132593,-0.158465,-0.17592,-0.201663,-0.130258,-0.21571,-0.120826,-0.164833,-0.1515,-0.196973,-0.165217,-0.196195,-0.15089,-0.184415,-0.219399,-0.161065,-0.114749,-0.166348,-0.196041,-0.168451,-0.113803,-0.179543,-0.216582,-0.160464,-0.20279,-0.167009,-0.149985,-0.148204,-0.168331,-0.192409,-0.150441,-0.201649,-0.216653,-0.196294,-0.182166,-0.186238,-0.158417,-0.159538,-0.213131,-0.198317,-0.223861,-0.209459,-0.131466,-0.173671,-0.196742,-0.149685,-0.174238,-0.148642,-0.182489,-0.161065,-0.161924,-0.144265,-0.194828,-0.211062,-0.180868,-0.138977,-0.224574,-0.202574,-0.161065,-0.146256,-0.105521,-0.161295,-0.134292,-0.168451,-0.188964,-0.146946,-0.151577,-0.192409,-0.143974,-0.154066,-0.115614,-0.158465,-0.156615,-0.194749,-0.207647,-0.111731,-0.21571,-0.196413,-0.15508,-0.185434,-0.10796,-0.110538,-0.124571,-0.14511,-0.118623,-0.186238,-0.180969,-0.156168,-0.181108,-0.106983,-0.120516,-0.181848,-0.14612,-0.113047,-0.221012,-0.178906,-0.106025,-0.146402,-0.209929,-0.164454,-0.174238,-0.194242,-0.194242,-0.147206,-0.153086,-0.164585,-0.11413,-0.186968,-0.18171,-0.19733,-0.178906,-0.206908,-0.213592,-0.108087,-0.162068,-0.200468,-0.195384,-0.130445,-0.186238,-0.161065,-0.206456,-0.161071,-0.20825,-0.212852,-0.219236,-0.180868,-0.179106,-0.16142,-0.174001,-0.214568,-0.190954,-0.120159,-0.106451,-0.15789,-0.195928,-0.178851,-0.17878,-0.219326,-0.182489,-0.109833,-0.202574,-0.192007,-0.197056,-0.193348,-0.202574,-0.129652,-0.119685,-0.158232,-0.169397,-0.165379,-0.163505,-0.212956,-0.199874,-0.168736,-0.159363,-0.151387,-0.208729,-0.15698,-0.146946,-0.202574,-0.20793,-0.202574,-0.129721,-0.173566,-0.174393,-0.184185,-0.166348,-0.175696,-0.176764,-0.210976,-0.138469,-0.150352,-0.131338,-0.168451,-0.203344,-0.173195,-0.158417,-0.209642,-0.166989,-0.222571,-0.219935,-0.176643,-0.114987,-0.155482,-0.181848,-0.16379,-0.221708,-0.114987,-0.12924,-0.10611,-0.139138,-0.199591,-0.146946,-0.186672,-0.14995,-0.131466,-0.21571,-0.219479,-0.19242,-0.159363,-0.191477,-0.155194,-0.14454,-0.129721,-0.115614,-0.205975,-0.108763,-0.150836,-0.202574,-0.214402,-0.223636,-0.11177,-0.223386,-0.112578,-0.188364,-0.109103,-0.180238,-0.106547,-0.151323,-0.129652,-0.147035,-0.163843,-0.207125,-0.15789,-0.14795,-0.138804,-0.105073,-0.216103,-0.10551,-0.201977,-0.147159,-0.110203,-0.152659,-0.219166,-0.130445,-0.217276,-0.223427,-0.170791,-0.208502,-0.205115,-0.160464,-0.158417,-0.148667,-0.162074,-0.176764,-0.176764,-0.150163,-0.208288,-0.134261,-0.196569,-0.143109,-0.197382,-0.129721,-0.219326,-0.15847,-0.147035,-0.120812,-0.193304,-0.136673,-0.194242,-0.188575,-0.219326,-0.156269,-0.183798,-0.120158,-0.186968,-0.209459,-0.130801,-0.129759,-0.224903,-0.119833,-0.169836,-0.186968,-0.150352,-0.158232,-0.183964,-0.116419,-0.209348,-0.163817,-0.127664,-0.169042,-0.15508,-0.11575,-0.167487,-0.191056,-0.167009,-0.194244,-0.15089,-0.15789,-0.206374,-0.206488,-0.205967,-0.209929,-0.127774,-0.140739,-0.18074,-0.19489,-0.15508,-0.203754,-0.163503,-0.215062,-0.197977,-0.185718,-0.159966,-0.148237,-0.134478,-0.185188,-0.194391,-0.105134,-0.178093,-0.216036,-0.184658,-0.148068,-0.166348,-0.215438,-0.187908,-0.206293,-0.115614,-0.196225,-0.155194,-0.159852,-0.180511,-0.214111,-0.220969,-0.191923,-0.188115,-0.146402,-0.159052,-0.184951,-0.216653,-0.210976,-0.178284,-0.14378,-0.133574,-0.176959,-0.180969,-0.105504,-0.148068,-0.148068,-0.219399,-0.212506,-0.14857,-0.174001,-0.21972,-0.155262,-0.178363,-0.142624,-0.186305,-0.161065,-0.159346,-0.146946,-0.219326,-0.182071,-0.198581,-0.197062,-0.194762,-0.170855,-0.131466,-0.17442,-0.15736,-0.179122,-0.209348,-0.208288,-0.183019,-0.212956,-0.214019,-0.224615,-0.186061,-0.142319,-0.138313,-0.158312,-0.156161,-0.133518,-0.15736,-0.161025,-0.158417,-0.161924,-0.129573,-0.15698,-0.130445,-0.179782,-0.221054,-0.209902,-0.192007,-0.141971,-0.16172,-0.128673,-0.148204,-0.151577,-0.154228,-0.18876,-0.218914,-0.168495,-0.206456,-0.141682,-0.167556,-0.180387,-0.129672,-0.188964,-0.18995,-0.157598,-0.156014,-0.163505,-0.162253,-0.184162,-0.142448,-0.107365,-0.196195,-0.213674,-0.206546,-0.173081,-0.17886,-0.159966,-0.184317,-0.220176,-0.175376,-0.158465,-0.135098,-0.218475,-0.223636,-0.20279,-0.188944,-0.202261,-0.209348,-0.143678,-0.141448,-0.160854,-0.209787,-0.198453,-0.123276,-0.16142,-0.162814,-0.119833,-0.164954,-0.209459,-0.180387,-0.213968,-0.147159,-0.161295,-0.1542,-0.206892,-0.149218,-0.223636,-0.167994,-0.145637,-0.157785,-0.223713,-0.159346,-0.208582,-0.187908,-0.151387,-0.212852,-0.182757,-0.209902,-0.19271,-0.198383,-0.210934,-0.196516,-0.169936,-0.184658,-0.167107],null,null,null,{"clickable":true,"draggable":false,"keyboard":true,"title":"","alt":"","zIndexOffset":0,"opacity":1,"riseOnHover":false,"riseOffset":250},null,null,null,null,null,null,null]}],"limits":{"lat":[51.484033,51.514],"lng":[-0.224939,-0.105073]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
It would be valuable to be able to visualise the density of crimes
rather than individual occurences. A dataframe is created from the
original dataset containing only bicycle theft. Jitter is then added to
the latitude and longitude. Leaflet can be used to visualise the output.

    bike <- crime11to17 %>%
      filter(crime_type == 'bicycle-theft')

    for(i in 1:length(bike$latitude)){
      bike$longitude[i] <- bike$longitude[i]+runif(1,0.001,0.004)
      bike$latitude[i] <- bike$latitude[i]+runif(1,0.001,0.004)}

    leaflet(bike) %>%
      addTiles() %>% 
      addCircles(~longitude,~latitude)

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-71e11aa51603fd0f33a2">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addTiles","args":["//{s}.tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png",null,null,{"minZoom":0,"maxZoom":18,"maxNativeZoom":null,"tileSize":256,"subdomains":"abc","errorTileUrl":"","tms":false,"continuousWorld":false,"noWrap":false,"zoomOffset":0,"zoomReverse":false,"opacity":1,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false,"attribution":"&copy; <a href=\"http://openstreetmap.org\">OpenStreetMap<\/a> contributors, <a href=\"http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/\">CC-BY-SA<\/a>"}]},{"method":"addCircles","args":[[51.50873065003,51.4985923641817,51.500195189339,51.4895420625039,51.5006236979241,51.512700447245,51.504935138563,51.4867338602319,51.4937967869501,51.4955121665214,51.505981066221,51.4910847921078,51.4965451229197,51.4956309501543,51.4935263035337,51.5000341396411,51.5146984788633,51.4928690690101,51.5074413012007,51.5146570004939,51.4880556866982,51.4866361374638,51.4944504101199,51.5057683232356,51.4981254605841,51.4945732798578,51.5065811958545,51.5019732019175,51.5006265100294,51.5007762274116,51.5070220881313,51.5068069355336,51.5087172089817,51.4955775176038,51.4969883405925,51.4892503547392,51.50664114474,51.5024232027357,51.4887748259963,51.498950461949,51.5073767531261,51.510749338997,51.4933688072772,51.5089528296892,51.4894231996833,51.4912547876422,51.5017842109843,51.5118313420376,51.4961525035867,51.4929247793081,51.5105004323119,51.5012783868795,51.5088957913804,51.516500431044,51.5129975670886,51.5155766042924,51.4894994636995,51.4963771712551,51.517002746273,51.5078843202551,51.5140293436145,51.5032191728137,51.5038764752586,51.4941669906483,51.5032901269841,51.5171866934906,51.5129350626946,51.5025346715802,51.5020404946301,51.489590376121,51.5034602624507,51.4876950756034,51.5105860263275,51.5101791897853,51.5159598530103,51.5049410073054,51.5030568731348,51.489597309666,51.489580352227,51.5012893925803,51.5110098940204,51.493769694576,51.4960786584505,51.5006911193063,51.5092400541998,51.4883605800248,51.4884875432138,51.509914500018,51.4874319320258,51.5116009982251,51.499967983555,51.4908289375131,51.5057570037036,51.5129435909827,51.5017018100493,51.5097703156699,51.5165440617101,51.5096765603625,51.5091054565354,51.4918273918961,51.5176953971168,51.5151921859496,51.4904707446275,51.5141575048106,51.5138905828818,51.4963864373669,51.5131608965676,51.5068258501702,51.494206563265,51.4914802828903,51.5081115798152,51.5166809297625,51.4884041809107,51.5004484746063,51.4956248633723,51.4899318006274,51.4918725742604,51.502720543141,51.5004481034426,51.5097549003737,51.4968141962855,51.4902136433471,51.5062512299987,51.4937899766401,51.5049721375172,51.4904472524533,51.4899568856488,51.489767133908,51.4960180891634,51.4916594346458,51.5060783249152,51.4984708748067,51.5090924922486,51.513638536678,51.5029912534457,51.515222403363,51.5104209597368,51.5001187570816,51.4938738906281,51.5056220021622,51.4960515466439,51.4966995610816,51.5158478126426,51.4953568859893,51.5142829950572,51.5106761031785,51.4993844034866,51.5165478017492,51.5056915810687,51.5105915126248,51.5121371741403,51.4901391644206,51.5053760413612,51.5065389587172,51.5074881511443,51.5088001038151,51.494474520866,51.4923661747035,51.4892733492112,51.4902887340597,51.4897027820982,51.5057640940293,51.5082035652936,51.5152169428693,51.5084594519455,51.5068008240924,51.5068023731078,51.4966310034114,51.5090526394978,51.5027799659815,51.5142699679843,51.4975267610563,51.4981633296606,51.5035711414343,51.5074785274308,51.5109714919874,51.494846586002,51.4995561221536,51.4942184597567,51.4884110852878,51.5096861794551,51.4879814373648,51.4966594437063,51.4963362491714,51.493226487764,51.5033974069556,51.502314951784,51.4981333034097,51.494772484038,51.4900872395788,51.4994877169684,51.4929566327161,51.5108988795026,51.5144867502606,51.4886808903055,51.4892015457872,51.5002895227947,51.4967318328493,51.5116165844919,51.5097634991009,51.4978963920674,51.5178223733483,51.4997836315919,51.4899959978521,51.4920206130756,51.4942504351714,51.500460816531,51.5164832010181,51.5142393183094,51.5090410068523,51.5035527068647,51.5038351709993,51.4933056788722,51.5056740273287,51.5132698624318,51.5004882316202,51.5027047660153,51.5045231065132,51.4876659821322,51.5145737755181,51.5113849024823,51.5013930688372,51.4899145468786,51.5173770773605,51.5143356928578,51.5067771949847,51.5075508699901,51.4874329709127,51.4898979547395,51.5092687051289,51.5025987110501,51.4909590177241,51.5076548114544,51.506082351551,51.510597951708,51.5119625372723,51.5156674819928,51.5130940382283,51.5137323345994,51.4928770298603,51.5081614203269,51.5013118564167,51.4874802484725,51.504309913667,51.5021669488757,51.5046228058188,51.4874575472767,51.5139620896552,51.5072322285766,51.5019681338055,51.5159489803979,51.5148490585417,51.5058172582259,51.4980382436486,51.5048116480465,51.4914070934754,51.515828433809,51.4894487883613,51.5028617214412,51.4871932803365,51.4900723396896,51.4934631511521,51.4938926827487,51.497949586645,51.5108613115639,51.4869647560413,51.4890568433177,51.5110904837504,51.506752122593,51.5068117853666,51.5121785408911,51.5157400062213,51.4996141375141,51.5012385567932,51.5034717241837,51.5150747131,51.4888912789683,51.4881378985869,51.4889282503504,51.4908145184891,51.5126720465688,51.4984214863708,51.5110589330913,51.5016383596801,51.4893487146013,51.512104095004,51.5148817155269,51.489228843119,51.5165506057296,51.5002145589685,51.5116004408712,51.4939558823944,51.5011169214598,51.5100427204437,51.5029340714799,51.5155861580179,51.5120344146734,51.4893287995209,51.5020642880754,51.5150284884062,51.5113393223111,51.5097268063209,51.4962626543873,51.5096222784945,51.5106608558504,51.4970797281772,51.4992737749234,51.5101899549185,51.5064588816654,51.514350786703,51.5007021089954,51.516107726901,51.4954838994291,51.4870693935917,51.5097520277563,51.5045948832475,51.506754602509,51.5130719232644,51.5099303435881,51.5132044508223,51.5046849361401,51.4996661880355,51.5140872728292,51.5082709671789,51.5095114036504,51.5159937289241,51.5070147388113,51.4909499789424,51.4918821880289,51.5119471201215,51.5044933849123,51.4919639845934,51.5089502673043,51.5086391628727,51.5006893885948,51.4944529013131,51.5159268420264,51.4954188542795,51.5010400006161,51.5077449357223,51.4971828145756,51.500651647884,51.4919126093026,51.4921297587377,51.4997687267133,51.5121949242969,51.5089693079108,51.4921198207596,51.5059546299748,51.4969256200025,51.4928061784299,51.5091009297559,51.5148652712883,51.5065924784819,51.5083763167909,51.5085169984271,51.4995023721631,51.5088728989574,51.4991286832368,51.4979667366376,51.5081541172626,51.4979896833205,51.4973215214917,51.5094668103323,51.513022005983,51.5012831369188,51.5108805246755,51.4884928334175,51.5005320806141,51.5144217856388,51.4962623409491,51.5129964874687,51.4993205053528,51.4899768371836,51.5068638955655,51.5114342047649,51.4928700111935,51.4874406769678,51.5040779771902,51.49916876679,51.4953227718995,51.4963488746748,51.4894523891427,51.4995896847368,51.495179357909,51.5092470867822,51.5129700210309,51.5023583829721,51.4901713278298,51.507144113477,51.5143048952681,51.5066722431627,51.5099075500545,51.5019480116092,51.5082989868445,51.4902080349989,51.5115098838908,51.5169603161198,51.4933460184872,51.5109750218526,51.4866779847001,51.4879372138284,51.5119242167905,51.5073610049287,51.5070312824197,51.4920475992383,51.506722283671,51.5062282742104,51.4897857080205,51.5071497695712,51.5147342527275,51.4957158822525,51.5046353089437,51.5089595955125,51.5119191075314,51.5102519888128,51.4935113505734,51.4936870518418,51.489968900303,51.513169728174,51.5133059028955,51.510962947463,51.5122147173552,51.4891689959877,51.5106529811229,51.5057621630813,51.5112472700426,51.510366014118,51.5159804690395,51.5125436249103,51.5157926361546,51.5147174153718,51.5034882197084,51.5057202149099,51.511759988281,51.5066620226823,51.5157673739391,51.5152343616016,51.5085447997355,51.5012743072984,51.5030882369667,51.5115529262516,51.5123425126973,51.5103000719216,51.4903187367101,51.508482518027,51.5016932420355,51.503654235884,51.4990704299239,51.5088329769119,51.4870248376499,51.5112467200416,51.5117961061657,51.5044817796659,51.5084701428627,51.5128650450148,51.4953262444302,51.5127995862277,51.5118314230067,51.5075608701735,51.4950657069744,51.5092086447187,51.4870689794632,51.4883572157118,51.506919982918,51.5133603305127,51.5086007148591,51.5123565681989,51.4953649359941,51.4879707710112,51.4912193163855,51.5119914742548,51.5170590648161,51.48877842744,51.5013469236754,51.516222534786,51.5044629150945,51.5146858167172,51.5115603930299,51.5163814675578,51.4951266387766,51.5138029096141,51.4875287025461,51.4928610022827,51.4939287575415,51.5120985456018,51.5142651100042,51.5158326841218,51.5004480723963,51.5149465413737,51.5058657501357,51.5003012553442,51.5048753726753,51.5012648057739,51.4963122121507,51.4880292755445,51.4886047971202,51.51137863681,51.5011654719662,51.5051361723495,51.5172806455998,51.4930813369375,51.5117313724901,51.5082118938813,51.5042948929194,51.5067335582365,51.4950964579619,51.4995653665829,51.4970490830259,51.516851183507,51.5136903925972,51.5063249705783,51.5093789255674,51.5039646142369,51.496781300627,51.5022042501596,51.5093369418936,51.4971410372588,51.5098667355328,51.4984945311282,51.4978676519034,51.5162834568417,51.493431893169,51.4949683581523,51.5117451619537,51.4989845761182,51.499485555938,51.4992699996308,51.5082443388665,51.4855616625478,51.4971800499911,51.4944318708159,51.5072759165365,51.514624192321,51.5036435296441,51.4853549845741,51.4896397244621,51.5017023418591,51.5021477657449,51.4990041293237,51.5160317870189,51.5018112567058,51.5081151655613,51.517112103488,51.5010391640859,51.5091761066279,51.5167383870379,51.5064381238885,51.5127316533842,51.4893521096806,51.4884184333762,51.4889462398468,51.5026801173803,51.5102636111106,51.5170491079425,51.4994323747745,51.510477791839,51.5117190526768,51.5059087493377,51.5108029532192,51.5137422438117,51.5112295462962,51.5102476893265,51.5078787946418,51.4990097958183,51.5130170836223,51.5066302401138,51.5111932659001,51.513659783022,51.4932673434873,51.504542799296,51.5034305171663,51.5124172448183,51.4932246081582,51.5039799505435,51.4875696532193,51.5125337950079,51.5122443387888,51.5136027679497,51.5138141143271,51.4900002755838,51.5172743415039,51.5023239240905,51.5130919307005,51.5106630485969,51.5142144580168,51.5049604917152,51.4909850973472,51.509681183258,51.5088058191521,51.5121548031262,51.49164979126,51.5031980159129,51.5096976754488,51.4920192002163,51.4990248852263,51.508459432569,51.5079286104773,51.5089452284858,51.508752988673,51.5127697793502,51.4901538365453,51.5062005872735,51.5117294559338,51.5048003680535,51.4934303213211,51.5071143644703,51.490646431643,51.5031543462257,51.5060090098703,51.4997557801292,51.4884277080627,51.5027411896747,51.4942279132008,51.5146098517738,51.5104384744839,51.5122320931918,51.50571618749,51.5025369023025,51.5006471873128,51.492056270025,51.5020987014648,51.5114411776533,51.5006160996586,51.4960026734755,51.5111838499809,51.494275176854,51.4932585652867,51.5114228588076,51.4905496228191,51.5055804419192,51.5175174414495,51.5175052848771,51.5154935752573,51.4997662674282,51.5055642099293,51.5057535901404,51.5041347884821,51.5136591269703,51.5137552284174,51.5137665854803,51.5105880523893,51.5079997799606,51.4963852779399,51.48765431621,51.5140508603805,51.5146902223426,51.5111163953474,51.4881039147158,51.4890064476978,51.4986904745095,51.5065082927616,51.4938312826063,51.5063589916517,51.5079528092818,51.5130179968829,51.5091461825464,51.5142681538147,51.509128411658,51.5115971703062,51.5094743928805,51.5138784749277,51.5075963536144,51.4998503225812,51.5102769741677,51.5135244617553,51.5148295050142,51.5053640526724,51.5050158751045,51.5036000831041,51.5039819004307,51.5051558714214,51.4953902876251,51.4873103768623,51.5142984151019,51.5139936086808,51.5086286593032,51.4884631322336,51.4953630475692,51.503825893144,51.4997204898535,51.4971675177388,51.5071171632862,51.5137383874996,51.5108779776849,51.495613781953,51.5044933883222,51.5045463635944,51.4930180034621,51.5060785504812,51.5089033943214,51.5088522434928,51.511271482279,51.4940672766634,51.5014540592584,51.5068087828928,51.4988118104202,51.5150063015065,51.5051325461546,51.5065533642658,51.4997147454894,51.5117386982017,51.5111623750986,51.4980142713569,51.5010175077454,51.5056833154161,51.5022666765321,51.495880037353,51.4908449401287,51.4923084734759,51.5048961921553,51.5087938518961,51.5151039022005,51.5023086440256,51.4998229308891,51.5052767567685,51.5101803055246,51.4877089073563,51.5024595461718,51.5069672463675,51.4931661369372,51.4884516592436,51.501435636519,51.5015340713693,51.4914272672706,51.5173799127371,51.4963020383953,51.504388312974,51.4962470030408,51.5109383167061,51.5004744672888,51.5145713034528,51.5035713860015,51.4905986317086,51.5124802954547,51.496346719963,51.5114741484179,51.5129413475067,51.5137743972944,51.4893976804788,51.4993799681633,51.5007128770624,51.5003602861657,51.5149442818101,51.5129776662964,51.4893269130222,51.5123473200339,51.5121460532181,51.5056554624339,51.5111974892821,51.5053336776101,51.4892909933021,51.5169227253316,51.4885453332593,51.4891660641788,51.5173271400045,51.5073868575782,51.505202367917,51.495875357554,51.5007898207463,51.4938065292716,51.4903149150238,51.5143875489706,51.5067601891749,51.4893077481396,51.4934184215577,51.5034259897896,51.5116390087443,51.5007057327483,51.5152626833468,51.4946164016835,51.4982392763956,51.5060389620676,51.4911179305482,51.50113566521,51.4983763182608,51.4921365208451,51.4935454148375,51.5073760754526,51.4934522302448,51.51194330077,51.5040281797684,51.5030147891363,51.5016734929005,51.5065619486596,51.4884538640188,51.4870281141195,51.5154976563113,51.509605092158,51.4922574502251,51.4942429067297,51.5129839958947,51.4917388773103,51.5105352269175,51.4940136223106,51.4876634887531,51.4882229852837,51.5129579364893,51.5001769423672,51.5024382100678,51.5086337717225,51.5156149802286,51.4871406885778,51.4877155549465,51.5161119007656,51.4883406411913,51.5096398957063,51.5036921037758,51.5133119987171,51.5096194904518,51.5127076419313,51.5046374544836,51.4968620511847,51.5085911227085,51.4894876048483,51.4870701903446,51.4878576935268,51.5161254584666,51.5094632208226,51.4904378866715,51.5025511358454,51.5107775132396,51.5103421716072,51.5075841516484,51.5161108044347,51.5081964114769,51.4953929634076,51.5101352602534,51.490366583,51.5058883942301,51.5049611739819,51.5068399873707,51.5076180668542,51.5075086143336,51.5154696547596,51.508861038512,51.5125099579007,51.496363830668,51.5076621788618,51.5054796622354,51.5143370892771,51.5105717597828,51.5003472585809,51.5133314912054,51.493510555139,51.4994308594025,51.4914439468512,51.4898286756507,51.5163241710607,51.5093584183565,51.5155392004289,51.4937700681146,51.5077728755382,51.5166394054995,51.494718075517,51.5088738457974,51.5040504264759,51.5151300678325,51.5108410082649,51.4889431324919,51.4983764099932,51.5142261627101,51.5079012899409,51.4895051316962,51.4903927033102,51.512126549485,51.5150764987998,51.5002227130134,51.5019648114697,51.4975174743144,51.502106323229,51.5081294663799,51.4926749201813,51.4920327651394,51.4876427941071,51.4890882629848,51.51357345381,51.5115004489056,51.5116473342109,51.4993954843763,51.513646116794,51.5124578433378,51.5117404449809,51.503589547618,51.5017721538727,51.5098347605324,51.4977353440027,51.490536596594,51.5008216633842,51.4951516743201,51.5160420547837,51.498660999047,51.499630997559,51.4949679647302,51.5012931483538,51.5134901253008,51.5086594072448,51.4915239854483,51.4998219810994,51.5035550937339,51.4948278657388,51.4941533583003,51.5079018409948,51.4940514907979,51.4905615810045,51.5062848729647,51.5028684680225,51.5129815400934,51.512503032043,51.4930914398991,51.5122636308038,51.5050131844593,51.5018509594048,51.4976869338429,51.4871015825432,51.4982883074043,51.5096054272968,51.5018457482042,51.5001894988572,51.5135832392448,51.4908851926015,51.5069252859716,51.5089468411728,51.489736589148,51.4909776645539,51.5134934123372,51.4970468465065,51.5106874249571,51.5072387793824,51.5151372005428,51.5121909440498,51.5113896031482,51.4940165533045,51.5165322561627,51.4898076154591,51.5157669571446,51.4913679110107,51.505889083318,51.4933049371175,51.4977317762814,51.4898804047899,51.5156069271262,51.5148919095555,51.4952257063263,51.5113565257692,51.4949193297007,51.5121008518558,51.5142293889935,51.4969505293891,51.4947865707916,51.5030902532853,51.5153761472515,51.5131098973968,51.5140309596091,51.4952913844632,51.511559059194,51.5092749383072,51.4890781333429,51.4956584907866,51.51173620635,51.5043057637985,51.5095594014161,51.5131228330397,51.5012349166564,51.4914550958496,51.5073013896431,51.5150789190949,51.4986110256555,51.4948914089504,51.5128369051182,51.5044520615207,51.5007903259489,51.4966111806791,51.5087885772482,51.5057003638954,51.4996747511731,51.4884554414356,51.4936041643876,51.4931807041361,51.5120477526194,51.4942665649979,51.5082908504565,51.5083040689237,51.487500201887,51.5093215347255,51.5086860665466,51.5027489752471,51.493390984666,51.4949376241167,51.4999495025254,51.5077329726402,51.5028531540552,51.4998199643228,51.5095849068333,51.4991062910477,51.5096897034141,51.4977082178968,51.4949117305204,51.4931605609897,51.4975041089862,51.5047250861015,51.4952511611885,51.4933260075052,51.5042515679079,51.5010606740229,51.5012190251361,51.4966408935733,51.4962771327421,51.5046967288329,51.5164038937036,51.5061561437325,51.5023610681123,51.5026954719904,51.5081784376354,51.496247214323,51.5133238687776,51.4875121681634,51.4961306939208,51.5016700326087,51.4879229423406,51.5024343910658,51.5043301096627,51.4924841420505,51.4878896286352,51.5035208215171,51.5106362324787,51.494726938587,51.516942587254,51.4960393890541,51.492909395753,51.5014043286161,51.499404709591,51.492464458919,51.5158430671938,51.5012151983026,51.4881417039575,51.4965785611131,51.4971931096623,51.4939856012349,51.4900576708807,51.4911779130926,51.487122117816,51.4896985620614,51.5091700573507,51.4947844588765,51.5043926117099,51.4861710821792,51.5053730173195,51.5159404649365,51.4858675927042,51.5009698772484,51.5029524392132,51.505029282754,51.5116580607151,51.5055058887692,51.5024106684888,51.487110271499,51.5165141147151,51.5016098071235,51.5043570635803,51.4905384589191,51.4894976726929,51.5018518917363,51.4884653884273,51.4973671864351,51.5067832402058,51.4960716181791,51.4991487279913,51.5103953433462,51.5065273781919,51.4916560754668,51.5045619654996,51.4936475407959,51.493661829572,51.5035653274515,51.4992980508543,51.512963880275,51.4917484553719,51.5026250356673,51.5029102837089,51.5041020258614,51.5019214747485,51.4995725750307,51.5020995826214,51.5101992104572,51.497991454878,51.5035144445314,51.5001755359869,51.5056457544504,51.5064066747383,51.4893378529446,51.5149336845222,51.4928352489504,51.4896618513215,51.5133061450366,51.5158973286084,51.497007138245,51.4874179212819,51.5152783600639,51.5047977422721,51.5176482696783,51.5097867506473,51.5021678181546,51.4904455994559,51.492407739935,51.5060998363795,51.4911917237557,51.502760429933,51.5161060423118,51.513031653084,51.5106158375432,51.5031810796133,51.4921321014471,51.5074873930773,51.5071994247131,51.4951054562308,51.5141292855731,51.5011887472223,51.5066903581299,51.5156909621036,51.4969222379921,51.5087468255068,51.5040998681991,51.5089286424227,51.5022418457487,51.511505880243,51.4936703847106,51.5040859193406,51.5093731647789,51.506517538262,51.4977021877685,51.5022678967438,51.4881627687173,51.5084484806176,51.5047530643976,51.5152964495515,51.4989230627971,51.4870236124245,51.5100340333065,51.5117209208612,51.5063259694958,51.5013399810491,51.4869903567793,51.5094622414047,51.5017879589384,51.489512018048,51.4952127280527,51.4930700597573,51.487466984542,51.5173130978146,51.5036057217694,51.491082962206,51.5167413021194,51.5171164108285,51.5127206662848,51.5129933371391,51.4998647174558,51.5040166104574,51.4871880020875,51.5025133378993,51.5040929269263,51.5034937366533,51.5109670054693,51.5142770394027,51.5043584373559,51.4974605235432,51.5063346989475,51.4878329154576,51.5133130920278,51.5087712656974,51.4899593746431,51.5019700818972,51.4867179916736,51.4916726183309,51.495903122517,51.4911998647656,51.4882014518949,51.5144493198539,51.4889825229357,51.5148390373045,51.4878634786212,51.4947911604437,51.5104950967582,51.5021509404741,51.4952347922766,51.5109572083872,51.4999037768701,51.4872345584696,51.4925832490145,51.5100193829923,51.5094259798069,51.5082851885566,51.5024951424342,51.487284670239,51.4991966713197,51.4990250147736,51.5085485112947,51.5136216756445,51.5046037819796,51.49465773197,51.5098614339462,51.4964808953255,51.495794277283,51.511938740875,51.5002505409977,51.499994768761,51.5035632819591,51.4941185890083,51.4970103008629,51.507198054665,51.4887832677553,51.5009339810521,51.4917262227814,51.5081434745194,51.4968048466223,51.5025505414632,51.5157334705257,51.5049240494283,51.5043274792448,51.5146123616161,51.4959156044506,51.5122777574001,51.5023853143758,51.4952654020083,51.4883092069031,51.4881856357534,51.5022583129902,51.502596217267,51.4878287955278,51.5149521421287,51.5091911814981,51.5090840107877,51.4883406449309,51.5129371441596,51.5130317977478,51.5135791428732,51.5117181947039,51.4949715006547,51.4964684748451,51.5160207641224,51.5035857643552,51.5129213799384,51.5021582722909,51.4915413595085,51.4968127525108,51.5026681066985,51.5033594905619,51.4870622458916,51.5107394272903,51.5006505720174,51.489347810968,51.5042714109884,51.5064451839183,51.5161203539657,51.512922212306,51.5044084305818,51.4949217672145,51.4926443613563,51.4928200951268,51.4874406916709,51.4976200759701,51.5126682021239,51.510276194687,51.4938191764165,51.4883198400234,51.4885098720245,51.514503521455,51.4966758314802,51.4870555444326,51.5020228327137,51.5134362385627,51.5017640045168,51.5076468246741,51.5043074691762,51.500887795584,51.4959622484732,51.5132405098585,51.4915624310896,51.4963794028551,51.5078202000691,51.4896405952322,51.509928318116,51.494920574934,51.5150666135378,51.4911254834362,51.5004248448928,51.5118611911951,51.4887010504463,51.4976591119503,51.4926601363157,51.4939251232785,51.501706509711,51.5087867957247,51.4977934292275,51.5118287485406,51.5058930025184,51.5158940239044,51.5024039331776,51.4933593340455,51.485972112632,51.5050418426658,51.4952301404248,51.501355654353,51.5101708749332,51.5071441979162,51.5034366042058,51.5039903958969,51.4979493748663,51.5163792362407,51.5156741417687,51.4900131934484,51.5042389367105,51.5017138346825,51.5144822918881,51.5043500915663,51.493562679333,51.5067525754779,51.5040169494368,51.4880660499296,51.4884523033124,51.5037517263852,51.4911948372222,51.4948523010691,51.5032486717994,51.4968496906717,51.4934161279231,51.4870095788973,51.5107850795127,51.5114106558984,51.489684297327,51.4929049786587,51.4904789406579,51.5116268811392,51.5105102676732,51.4909952367306,51.5158147649336,51.4886134598441,51.5070522646944,51.504541866278,51.4974073034425,51.495416235953,51.4971317310559,51.5034137986398,51.5096855529921,51.4931957454273,51.4912952209358,51.511183671991,51.5153238344348,51.4998444884417,51.49784717009,51.5107611239032,51.5111916655222,51.5117047842292,51.5133457302725,51.5046975298721,51.4997884804672,51.5035270987795,51.5071357539321,51.5164262418427,51.4984724978182,51.5021245130917,51.5081012639517,51.4970031552344,51.501328895307,51.5033983092815,51.512611553977,51.4897472451683,51.4998435077132,51.4862398037694,51.5136937844463,51.4953986197073,51.5022372214808,51.4889572317053,51.5168410969677,51.5080189243019,51.5091296729605,51.5151487332561,51.5102148530692,51.498533215253,51.4948853936939,51.4942952105945,51.5124205902197,51.5122080706659,51.5033665820773,51.5030087036484,51.494773012708,51.5114735261816,51.492832559337,51.5078914668976,51.5084863642863,51.5037284756626,51.5150816164473,51.4955880852574,51.5097355519034,51.492891986792,51.5147709904753,51.5159533787048,51.5159934411836,51.4960438472574,51.4915975687168,51.5091888205818,51.509890430134,51.4923347036541,51.5170480654386,51.5019865584095,51.5060967880473,51.4887114604483,51.5153214537656,51.5129444978954,51.5095032105412,51.5019452342684,51.5045058475007,51.5148979624759,51.4894554185634,51.5094443864342,51.4953423541679,51.5091559520081,51.507333777056,51.4921100006122,51.5133953170823,51.5025114657171,51.4905405422784,51.5089420065909,51.5138021883013,51.5123989704242,51.5152441704332,51.5041418369085,51.5043782226826,51.4897459673179,51.5110374522805,51.5082479114349,51.4886591352271,51.4921533660469,51.5131237306618,51.5157182090562,51.5053053745425,51.5058772310967,51.4878831904045,51.4954532372257,51.5059513031379,51.4986825275763,51.489546122656,51.513034322922,51.487705897456,51.4926213607387,51.4940316761043,51.5100986290653,51.503651161087,51.4871395298333,51.4932961312608,51.5102953949064,51.4935307397067,51.505629550345,51.5126323761219,51.5099414684486,51.5112126329853,51.4997825261193,51.4952326942433,51.5066414329289,51.5139929829752,51.51624222998,51.4879517915343,51.4948843004354,51.5094006424568,51.5157866631992,51.5116153662655,51.5004174642696,51.4912019365131,51.5158802080433,51.4905515772212,51.5005548758009,51.4885298900136,51.5126388914493,51.5096138735154,51.5034528064842,51.5154629076653,51.5014914113428,51.5028933311427,51.4893160533219,51.5024910112584,51.4886267036452,51.5082051867197,51.5092705433338,51.5049486231524,51.509067310763,51.5000484178967,51.5122807906429,51.5103921837703,51.4946608156213,51.4996258137833,51.5143266298609,51.4893347762078,51.4862016592918,51.4979206312792,51.5014504706569,51.5032869414744,51.5124138002364,51.5154193159708,51.4951892123537,51.5053647433015,51.5063008163738,51.4945108634567,51.51754015172,51.5058820784864,51.5034026772505,51.5164235337411,51.4993703077783,51.5149972320765,51.4910005466732,51.494580420916,51.5035986117192,51.5120895801734,51.5152950441639,51.5118258669786,51.5006051645856,51.4881749016755,51.5058110175528,51.4896498059489,51.5070267576596,51.5063183239986,51.506391332237,51.4878711443697,51.5112579321588,51.5139541587639,51.4934553089027,51.489381074651,51.516891754909,51.5151024828719,51.5122087799577,51.5004714479917,51.5093668248401,51.4908760916884,51.4928497001416,51.5037316509357,51.4947061136167,51.5146162209481,51.4896865873482,51.5145046239534,51.4888439600891,51.5127374290325,51.5172324940063,51.5039290376269,51.4984313751888,51.4866266821316,51.4949933694061,51.4924451842469,51.4984151182318,51.4966446814697,51.5151674867561,51.5017880228076,51.4876476722032,51.4965574375706,51.5121864286885,51.5124589478348,51.5056140730236,51.4957992162502,51.4908191138996,51.5000026976596,51.5063717907919,51.5147961586018,51.506487040874,51.5100900170383,51.5074294211049,51.5151249131318,51.5033212125414,51.4978943280115,51.4878069697106,51.4857933760751,51.5127812748902,51.5157806897697,51.4868961298715,51.4865936946041,51.5022686319351,51.5140065491133,51.491085806854,51.5063452729737,51.5131658712491,51.513105446289,51.5129474639763,51.4908857018868,51.5118321931844,51.4936463916368,51.5122816327992,51.4887903915004,51.5070336765848,51.5153730556037,51.4937941799408,51.4953396018973,51.5020239079221,51.5029126535116,51.5124243617219,51.5031808944137,51.505191371088,51.5163637495456,51.491684825598,51.5059221166967,51.5173712299689,51.5031880885755,51.5046117666092,51.4937778904566,51.4982390629264,51.4997581613786,51.5121600624391,51.5083846270144,51.4890858544916,51.4895392635913,51.5163078713174,51.5070490065836,51.494800109704,51.4850374895674,51.501995189214,51.5123743019533,51.5019421538414,51.5114575948038,51.5143588662849,51.516113268996,51.5116844528018,51.5033050140286,51.4937066040643,51.4963680557299,51.48876214104,51.4879965563426,51.50277521095,51.5123091068806,51.5042729646214,51.4971679548409,51.5004467211807,51.4938959215817,51.5061844676504,51.5045964045596,51.4972027835224,51.5005738387057,51.51510931821,51.5127599803646,51.5016285048597,51.5044311738708,51.4901633073503,51.5121745272984,51.4950008467319,51.5014407696172,51.4899655795467,51.5048412951377,51.4885730120814,51.4945213390807,51.4901548063036,51.5074203173638,51.5072795972695,51.4992879807159,51.5163348061745,51.4938185523253,51.5109729929328,51.4880911271905,51.4914817656251,51.5144897046827,51.5111568450567,51.5022024530873,51.5075939289144,51.5173500090705,51.5151809525594,51.5035964300246,51.5137885318397,51.5044260515793,51.5070504036698,51.5048795498366,51.5043092909484,51.5096994842432,51.4929308187511,51.5102843883142,51.5157275472627,51.511074195306,51.5093100387246,51.4859859938592,51.5000462813108,51.5000333414502,51.497886564546,51.5047895955039,51.5067115445935,51.5052291412981,51.5137320727661,51.492347690102,51.5148041517536,51.4947280315954,51.495532995489,51.5078617385073,51.5153911199941,51.5127070324788,51.5090991132611,51.5135809175662,51.5066677919854,51.5126303794502,51.5091857988198,51.5038572279226,51.5153722475155,51.5060717536843,51.4959362140053,51.4926421167926,51.512508834331,51.5064662747585,51.5156396111061,51.5117499129896,51.4956405467707,51.4897122481142,51.5120950785084,51.5062787303833,51.5035425154559,51.5071345836455,51.5053129692325,51.5016724120162,51.497416688424,51.5131356048508,51.4924165887551,51.5141510160563,51.5152535531143,51.5022873679166,51.5151565400825,51.5029057858363,51.5046564801255,51.5110225732211,51.4938098538434,51.5088698136259,51.4937164025484,51.5161272118,51.5044725970365,51.5167092322313,51.5030995045326,51.5166625735098,51.5122096873344,51.5005100782789,51.5155383019815,51.5113697077166,51.4962904854918,51.5143823753899,51.5145999752795,51.5052535840452,51.4883181703149,51.5143317448289,51.4944410133523,51.4876551502811,51.5068671770166,51.5105373494438,51.5010434806014,51.5160388078138,51.5168113218181,51.4983927521126,51.5153651057719,51.4907092046033,51.5071577293034,51.5116266163868,51.489751316839,51.5048742761062,51.4916969904084,51.5023480490311,51.5144081260136,51.5123504792671,51.4993597071937,51.4864735433448,51.4902061862096,51.4983095746569,51.5030452189837,51.5018640639934,51.5045342876975,51.4868870349629,51.5011978734832,51.5099639231909,51.5026441899107,51.5019798664151,51.5056826220638,51.488468033096,51.50479300982,51.5094762900711,51.5052156578522,51.5032310507841,51.4925332148808,51.4895777221584,51.5154975993029,51.5145465481625,51.5107112742049,51.5140256243015,51.504278022632,51.4866535605397,51.5133257359372,51.5106218325886,51.5105072832212,51.5094271507211,51.5054685853474,51.4868343835143,51.5046152339548,51.4948735922669,51.4940089526593,51.5018064889823,51.5124285452707,51.4880321817516,51.5118076458162,51.4970004711151,51.499401791691,51.5074181660739,51.5045914176351,51.511628266223,51.5034619610017,51.4881978571124,51.4962887173144,51.4954387494668,51.498779074175,51.488049500064,51.5166694144603,51.5152146310996,51.5016765305247,51.5006596846129,51.503585716873,51.4876072560055,51.5013498251431,51.5156814874347,51.517323169853,51.511180363571,51.4875217951704,51.5004427511817,51.4873167753859,51.5152189587561,51.486366991875,51.4934782075203,51.5019389062368,51.5017163958102,51.5153063316235,51.5056502017812,51.51622796588,51.5123297777057,51.4974020136499,51.5158209112111,51.495670750214,51.5041689511632,51.4936778764573,51.5028995452041,51.4915939889773,51.4876303734805,51.4977576593858,51.5171415214579,51.5152992182168,51.4963782426033,51.5088079275656,51.5074093716754,51.5140029246112,51.4877836920395,51.5167351423156,51.5150764993053,51.5075397316004,51.514018835864,51.4918477296146,51.4878736859187,51.4865939729412,51.4930529676432,51.5044044413279,51.4943312538906,51.5123490372433,51.51223307899,51.5092360020961,51.4922046056676,51.515022676557,51.5093235161158,51.5052491766253,51.5084926682671,51.5056277666642,51.4881735952762,51.4879952034474,51.5094214431608,51.5019536610526,51.5009286826272,51.4963028548571,51.5120097149985,51.4876328245497,51.5154820612122,51.5130921793818,51.4944869114813,51.5006157238802,51.4981173456571,51.5082243748431,51.499817758318,51.499021875796,51.5153982469166,51.5045740327316,51.487451178937,51.5119125335739,51.4995762324968,51.51313865048,51.4972551535868,51.5023689265921,51.4989029893685,51.5023017389997,51.4962053567371,51.5110197920177,51.511596903391,51.5166811315553,51.5031744449862,51.515018508512,51.4999026611676,51.4956105612805,51.4904322596554,51.5135309238215,51.5093924870511,51.517346019665,51.5034627616545,51.5154899936772,51.5156578026337,51.5145502594213,51.5023826480386,51.5136271518508,51.5117836568652,51.4862881160567,51.5155810936853,51.4974374294749,51.5144303186882,51.5144440416606,51.4979127008738,51.5102763900023,51.5159042804646,51.4949663245168,51.5001699323687,51.4961337456708,51.516128660682,51.5125280280578,51.490378937882,51.4948959543592,51.5165336586025,51.513010790722,51.515772257664,51.5105843189283,51.5140540623229,51.5109453668757,51.5156277593407,51.515738357807,51.5114719649138,51.500709679417,51.4928525769885,51.514519327643,51.513083892366,51.5048670774952,51.4951835072722,51.5097579484419,51.5008775065563,51.5109915219354,51.5145164138181,51.5095994098238,51.4958039978675,51.5053861000443,51.5051049311994,51.5159570566438,51.4939198090963,51.506964762688,51.5047513588319,51.5057957784046,51.5168445520284,51.5153089291166,51.4885127857551,51.4943504384879,51.5028827655217,51.503982178373,51.5137552290314,51.4946356390516,51.502880992826,51.4874355629331,51.51697028016,51.4866143289791,51.4938450923445,51.5128084146705,51.507232799321,51.4996279093261,51.5156605358147,51.4895574170221,51.5051166840868,51.4930107218519,51.4951407127427,51.515069806766,51.4980096848778,51.4911193717697,51.4871952745284,51.5115955201063,51.5106977832535,51.5008777465682,51.4873432120243,51.4872518142611,51.4959722909552,51.502178387233,51.5024585558045,51.5043650863572,51.5040957752892,51.48792941331,51.5135904920139,51.5067634910842,51.5056052113555,51.4942456377554,51.5005075741684,51.5102050649423,51.5137051630348,51.5160537914916,51.5116879157222,51.5134303244445,51.5034315436256,51.4947044512756,51.5057897035261,51.4856449800222,51.5110458419996,51.5066007220085,51.5069626131633,51.5153687101477,51.5010698040092,51.4939622319732,51.5153007177351,51.5092490627525,51.5027775640753,51.5169601996359,51.514124116768,51.4971534153475,51.515325998456,51.5122495922919,51.5037898591063,51.4883373785317,51.5146760877754,51.5092248989933,51.5114292822178,51.5008849444403,51.4961346413263,51.4883550139328,51.5142992731111,51.4962210166678,51.485956134061,51.5021456412374,51.5125666874328,51.4870573610768,51.4984075012982,51.5108265857117,51.4899520857618,51.5097359428219,51.5085469705957,51.4980220764687,51.4874113566259,51.5146449299445,51.5093992277703,51.4924545263722,51.505943698228,51.4951004176232,51.4876296530549,51.4994533456403,51.4882012136075,51.4892317094008,51.4919112122282,51.5143294639671,51.5128763296569,51.5120696127129,51.502580100364,51.5161923881685,51.5149451493941,51.5148302147993,51.5158315236326,51.5114016938354,51.5014632196001,51.4885514282249,51.4959830505391,51.4998433902338,51.4914009250735,51.4873083113337,51.489738419152,51.4866987754909,51.5013335549069,51.4940362888907,51.5120207584867,51.4878025703649,51.4970049029209,51.4921262341463,51.4977193021435,51.4896652254953,51.5107527729322,51.5128877259033,51.5017877219799,51.506905966587,51.4926314257219,51.5137633790469,51.5056630140063,51.5047581441941,51.50370612162,51.5058107052585,51.4992425858371,51.4975008097366,51.5153671719723,51.5135619618819,51.5062275594635,51.5085853224338,51.5048519303901,51.4986343339122,51.4966953375875,51.4952346735503,51.493915877877,51.512075547923,51.5035791659766,51.5022715455617,51.4972732684558,51.5085064853389,51.5054817251621,51.5152500058978,51.4865346141281,51.4908444122402,51.4987650879709,51.4997116307236,51.5136457857141,51.4893074605106,51.4977733050741,51.5150183963978,51.4949377806698,51.508588466745,51.5062530280468,51.4864924834641,51.5113150351151,51.4914456630303,51.5142712263071,51.5066767770572,51.4927830592428,51.5142447396918,51.5082125427999,51.4905861992905,51.494559921895,51.5001714095284,51.5175805923374,51.4909629915466,51.499222224507,51.5039340654395,51.5150449954175,51.5085736936875,51.4960250930419,51.4912148561321,51.4888239955934,51.5075466228308,51.4970464696489,51.4961356507889,51.5048663070946,51.5175164466638,51.5047940053259,51.5042914477266,51.5009249470674,51.509260455253,51.5095021156275,51.4868278282066,51.5094181330286,51.5063017381547,51.5170786385409,51.5104279126,51.5008034677025,51.5056801009577,51.4861060266548,51.5170286515241,51.5024181835712,51.5046824277282,51.4995717583055,51.5092484164907,51.508879776634,51.5160828994208,51.5012129417694,51.5011224520659,51.5133781760835,51.497758391714,51.4892686523432,51.5151069058842,51.4992503518039,51.5065602007418,51.506547406414,51.5136889878409,51.5136258144864,51.5031128654734,51.4919256512246,51.5119375069783,51.4880494164638,51.5011786410156,51.4968918191125,51.5064966878203,51.4908831113632,51.4911618094221,51.4913547706771,51.5031106660379,51.4989256403087,51.4906135129827,51.5078804348104,51.493181202238,51.509312465798,51.5083396413381,51.502072587979,51.5085410695759,51.4883781704396,51.5076534156012,51.5129497874026,51.5141839514168,51.4960645838018,51.5145754737385,51.4979364745172,51.5039641924928,51.5125174874228,51.5156522766483,51.5045354734897,51.4936836180998,51.4953997701901,51.5137169573888,51.5034885034337,51.5154427924717,51.4939234969224,51.5130438729268,51.5130373562066,51.5059258510986,51.4973539858782,51.5164630928445,51.491496385224,51.5068009112649,51.5140096267568,51.4943853709474,51.4983168007401,51.5078976666778,51.5016282558468,51.4922263744741,51.5142567286995,51.5091181969993,51.5097591815046,51.5068736239959,51.5106850535541,51.5113993339013,51.5130354188895,51.4983150837334,51.5015746112235,51.5066271332359,51.500255778011,51.5056784184929,51.5070763755128,51.5007139064516,51.5039465245715,51.5045629511758,51.50408268985,51.5014165982728,51.5132356884286,51.5116873819241,51.4924599223081,51.5142769278793,51.4961368803334,51.5065993983745,51.5152420061736,51.487817714063,51.5074305118584,51.5025679033727,51.5159382004153,51.5132965465595,51.4895891210877,51.4984445704756,51.5008157430157,51.5122347036489,51.5078489395147,51.5149830327304,51.4941768145133,51.510644929029,51.5162467751732,51.5144787234182,51.5043583099278,51.4945619534306,51.4881083586563,51.50523699739,51.4940518863078,51.4890612356916,51.4928426412822,51.5105153346668,51.4885669493998,51.5144345939356,51.5163437473483,51.5100421084184,51.5002920476541,51.5039913202148,51.5055749062233,51.5049170309443,51.5056349719144,51.5127148324807,51.497091101246,51.496972100905,51.5148383566245,51.5142988450065,51.510162298259,51.5053688950745,51.4890923078851,51.4904326901941,51.4938653203828,51.5106586919803,51.4897338892267,51.5050757038877,51.4986040182717,51.4924492004989,51.5090132485354,51.4883337036651,51.4877220816052,51.5033332364351,51.4958354715352,51.5111204830965,51.5080554309983,51.4955891019512,51.5020076826725,51.5007377386941,51.5110501164897,51.4982333945144,51.4946254307855,51.4953784801635,51.5078349651428,51.5130968776073,51.5036698486097,51.5068939056737,51.4879677846071,51.513301808538,51.5100512030203,51.5151171361599,51.5133589298712,51.4878459718695,51.4928403781262,51.4923153998407,51.5148945529704,51.4944111322237,51.497610365284,51.491810326145,51.5043070089882,51.5148551145081,51.5157349399614,51.4886557472707,51.5015071950487,51.514293080885,51.5046315672348,51.4974814752097,51.5049123883744,51.498942244566,51.4951853718168,51.4890306213489,51.4953359903009,51.4912483357963,51.5037914876538,51.5066179495835,51.4912821730926,51.5138049020187,51.5074682642162,51.5153875653931,51.4880409308655,51.5064831460811,51.5063097428666,51.4909213145526,51.5095508832251,51.5157061688228,51.502346734054,51.4927244827789,51.4945327478234,51.4867975615747,51.5162319130099,51.5139617336579,51.5093342883285,51.4938841739452,51.4946453214745,51.4888355937153,51.4926083045814,51.5113756075536,51.50425531425,51.516626121814,51.5083343308213,51.5153904401124,51.4979419053638,51.5104792249086,51.5035136070905,51.5158578555773,51.509065717796,51.5097493447724,51.5168680879996,51.489339646521,51.51067256697,51.5111885866605,51.4891233188749,51.5119307487716,51.5140924359645,51.4917899763553,51.5148488880474,51.4934685263492,51.4909360277263,51.512426725051,51.5128106512605,51.5140084428404,51.4945980761878,51.5156433232035,51.5089058303098,51.5080813299717,51.5061379938683,51.4955447923215,51.5080182603385,51.5155044942619,51.4939039561939,51.5165159078036,51.5125654996318,51.5154549468151,51.4868816377507,51.4955876421942,51.5095642106658,51.4885780185965,51.5152317071933,51.4971897144161,51.5069805108522,51.5161790489673,51.5117768849292,51.5130920670878,51.5133369994772,51.4944571140133,51.5034699486629,51.5068715932577,51.5074035249228,51.507310285871,51.4891284098591,51.513888666234,51.492766548824,51.5154228636212,51.4969117588195,51.5110958589044,51.4968609764244,51.4965760412209,51.4926243473125,51.4942505802688,51.5117793247571,51.5047706488521,51.4995095910017,51.514905801772,51.503530449895,51.5058590162615,51.4886778148257,51.5116749227638,51.4992755178482,51.4971141667502,51.5093514968135,51.4871334128289,51.5079832366594,51.5139309006085,51.4978251256709,51.5039074741756,51.5150792535309,51.5094441912972,51.4978996693754,51.514391637269,51.5015056729158,51.514088088753,51.4896486119002,51.5015066892346,51.5117814223643,51.5108180830509,51.5035271656166,51.4938119798812,51.4920045520536,51.5071305076793,51.4914101030771,51.4995214370823,51.5020006103301,51.5046598971405,51.5072954494556,51.5023855547756,51.5148090105826,51.5036010487287,51.5087028123045,51.4873953449915,51.4936894148488,51.5014047115223,51.4903898732706,51.5115888774878,51.4948550975802,51.5014694501316,51.5106794813198,51.5076374274932,51.5045579859156,51.5018069619527,51.50019372384,51.510591214723,51.4875527691752,51.5033366813176,51.4988651167751,51.508836959621,51.4984766024337,51.5160797549679,51.4887247313886,51.4874641868433,51.50239454437,51.4877460140293,51.508558473854,51.4867785161412,51.4980964409734,51.5121486626834,51.4914389197519,51.5092595466314,51.515723436769,51.5106028862294,51.4866557196427,51.4936191508762,51.5021018675206,51.5101990348941,51.5065786849687,51.4927968678746,51.5125262416233,51.5158198364834,51.5027479032259,51.5073658659277,51.5075735882487,51.5092196320422,51.4892406418996,51.510156043371,51.5153732508012,51.4938993534674,51.4938911825686,51.5126467858379,51.5136717342573,51.5173882350806,51.5029792460866,51.4894535348712,51.4940921955696,51.4880418325167,51.5138096861016,51.5158848241754,51.4965652675292,51.4888087512846,51.5094249431555,51.4985082379525,51.5012049061133,51.5155981797817,51.4906132685188,51.4992954728244,51.4955995207452,51.4869374861522,51.5076016345413,51.504280654639,51.4947470715359,51.5064193060073,51.4923458687207,51.4940405449839,51.499369558184,51.4889703052104,51.5167540904602,51.4898447701399,51.5094523606798,51.515467676664,51.4988077282585,51.5033755438779,51.5093321276996,51.4943025174936,51.4960250208963,51.4873014381295,51.5026953994786,51.5080367129354,51.5137331053602,51.5129522085633,51.5105859426073,51.4916036510175,51.4906336269128,51.5030693748398,51.5078238661237,51.4988103245063,51.4869623684834,51.5027093749623,51.4883089308658,51.4916932648999,51.5042994767244,51.5090934817096,51.51297466169,51.5090725022741,51.5135387448043,51.5147724216544,51.4942054463655,51.5141819713993,51.4984019414571,51.5135179367556,51.5101405353528,51.4910400227517,51.5112176279075,51.5162229010837,51.4917933749185,51.4996326630394,51.4937854695112,51.4867523640932,51.4963025336487,51.4892205597266,51.4897364690575,51.5045977094241,51.5088309264641,51.5005360674768,51.5121034062526,51.494961100865,51.5135347147272,51.4879582496078,51.4897440458033,51.5074614444073,51.4890174235389,51.5073743633131,51.5029972253425,51.5032578301945,51.5120998986893,51.499303879067,51.5161564737887,51.5129323218347,51.503165081412,51.4889192007163,51.496822365001,51.4871373856108,51.4865706055104,51.5132632617836,51.5022167847908,51.5132536580333,51.4933691767808,51.5141495743539,51.5141030442605,51.4916655703937,51.5137260175386,51.5154795314275,51.4892904738297,51.5159886426315,51.486822164366,51.5115024126203,51.4943387042682,51.5159535958333,51.4994357694128,51.5155855309366,51.5145528884233,51.4956802875378,51.4954676513973,51.4871846647352,51.5017584159322,51.4998372077628,51.5059440513745,51.5041493209175,51.5163872067666,51.4890785953607,51.505549979007,51.501537952487,51.5141260616389,51.4904187305853,51.4940622738639,51.5046396310835,51.5061554696848,51.5148693317928,51.5079296139829,51.4877134665343,51.4945756103967,51.4878808770456,51.4990731440236,51.5030899899425,51.501568722324,51.5159590968787,51.4943793603313,51.5045345282227,51.4942221343613,51.5014391303987,51.5115072809621,51.5138365030497,51.5148958369184,51.5083798887415,51.511418710011,51.5095078665477,51.5162336385226,51.5092658157559,51.5009460151043,51.5118057540926,51.5154376708033,51.4925351679866,51.5001606067648,51.5147812594721,51.4918731858032,51.5150741304601,51.4944466902213,51.5045061579731,51.5087126351131,51.5095317673495,51.5035546342832,51.5106212498677,51.502667436253,51.5090379169886,51.516919832474,51.5042304873957,51.5037126161084,51.5158609080779,51.4893843559737,51.5170967349358,51.5150842629186,51.5111476585436,51.4953165572401,51.4908322652068,51.5014660057628,51.4929751327177,51.5085573998251,51.5149260004158,51.4876321764382,51.5130086926887,51.5091194166706,51.5050708127355,51.4931807796588,51.4978134601558,51.4955107070121,51.496589244552,51.4884417800602,51.4969509618514,51.4912002613157,51.5000368455346,51.5132847204631,51.5084960074314,51.4919227045502,51.5119859456615,51.502680836799,51.4985931306365,51.4883933206543,51.5041701136268,51.5046091636805,51.5097444046415,51.5034409545399,51.5067343718988,51.503926618764,51.506749210009,51.5094905798115,51.5108741714394,51.512076489392,51.4935358753608,51.5067558305968,51.5113139182373,51.5002551264104,51.514057899512,51.4981071282248,51.5157977689546,51.5089929214692,51.4879343816328,51.5144381150171,51.4976107274913,51.504472849329,51.5152802994232,51.5147200977093,51.4881066969016,51.501429349594,51.5069028192309,51.5038500484001,51.4915953007461,51.5171831742015,51.508827393153,51.4932976908181,51.5157685850669,51.5174890529379,51.515359152952,51.4905713008093,51.487917159177,51.5143840000785,51.4887116658341,51.488863753432,51.5039323852708,51.5152359270429,51.5093464991799,51.4957049950838,51.4908578707987,51.5151996481316,51.5073880023981,51.4880655332032,51.5124481860673,51.4942086581915,51.511373012859,51.4989383078444,51.5065498483497,51.5167836365424,51.5108961746461,51.495540596283,51.5003253209679,51.4955475409358,51.4954085156473,51.5110714095986,51.5134336227337,51.4935702068526,51.4885589566709,51.5050882377048,51.4900691583658,51.5013184803258,51.5045229252423,51.4992875089262,51.5084070826703,51.4885773320244,51.5014899162794,51.487243546923,51.4881068923917,51.5092411286092,51.5164513502079,51.5167634503056,51.4878038202621,51.4937510244586,51.5010635193722,51.5171856162471,51.4976384809538,51.5092850750379,51.5080170540889,51.5013819349052,51.5014139242629,51.5052464923623,51.516817104665,51.4868911233474,51.5011031385272,51.5057723244391,51.5022531907645,51.4911813344778,51.5152709499858,51.497689158557,51.5086872857607,51.5002527353028,51.5174253490196,51.4926694629416,51.5105595101488,51.5039915335395,51.5034482174649,51.4925622056867,51.5101999945886,51.4913748920153,51.5092805793227,51.501322246024,51.4887168090713,51.4958802623752,51.4914322654445,51.4995246173804,51.5144376521845,51.5005100172101,51.5062415180408,51.4890568602061,51.5004790031918,51.5080747163504,51.493025200694,51.4960388713217,51.4922806677959,51.4941023934814,51.4901072066375,51.4874718172443,51.4955324368965,51.5141493540037,51.4907737802429,51.5018545067212,51.4862449229257,51.5061777167307,51.5166350385009,51.5074514609279,51.5089058008002,51.5016179611433,51.5093909881411,51.504208748518,51.4901316463678,51.4960877077306,51.4939900795486,51.5042059733107,51.4960452313157,51.5114333517328,51.5148016873159,51.5068890490447,51.5046896124765,51.4969382551452,51.4937675047588,51.5027493871545,51.5116844654152,51.5111124459598,51.512721416658,51.4983712635758,51.5065154268924,51.4871316703162,51.4917399880799,51.5129584452419,51.5170897642921,51.4925227690435,51.4922876111235,51.5033407853516,51.4931263963688,51.4932429941876,51.4988788891131,51.4975476343634,51.4976042695521,51.5071428396054,51.5144088884278,51.4971962781127,51.5131415536892,51.5101652103145,51.5169913605355,51.4941972589637,51.5152456900866,51.5077801872889,51.5083170867866,51.4887282183851,51.4899110172198,51.5015843757928,51.4944373668658,51.5038887430681,51.4940020975416,51.5135244560971,51.4932480256455,51.5147659770946,51.5044388175884,51.5025296410357,51.493057293799,51.4931391703417,51.5086774330382,51.5071298345036,51.4936683404677,51.4890594213851,51.4939591948844,51.4884474478878,51.4937868444421,51.4922711804745,51.5041757344461,51.5041517443109,51.4979501820635,51.4966586639392,51.4979332912901,51.4920378053042,51.4981188679465,51.4940508332289,51.4969969819682,51.5157058117521,51.5080839453615,51.5025538758445,51.4909307870235,51.4964225069981,51.4870613872699,51.4899342288611,51.4865585538144,51.4930848496551,51.4874634193522,51.5144169730082,51.5119092673788,51.4973115841143,51.5039089080883,51.5015926365771,51.5124716639319,51.5152932509216,51.4928911557212,51.4915557214433,51.4869537690275,51.5044196185375,51.5057759613596,51.4969613030308,51.5096903244895,51.4902044571584,51.4964603505593,51.4956109953877,51.5126960323752,51.488125305072,51.5132458280346,51.5096523940899,51.5087360881121,51.5147338472932,51.4983899674038,51.487873742851,51.5075194846702,51.4871669562265,51.5031901270987,51.4921095228501,51.4866982557427,51.5127962590801,51.4995706660262,51.4859380850275,51.5035245988021,51.4922940382597,51.5065622010284,51.4887492186411,51.5040537781875,51.4884298736258,51.5042531498386,51.5124659173505,51.5022206432364,51.4929964992162,51.5122707440653,51.5133064680951,51.5038587613378,51.5163047436171,51.5158400577861,51.5124756106915,51.4947225301057,51.5157978299634,51.4948533713402,51.4933232950292,51.5118299076808,51.5172929291943,51.5105353897956,51.5138841956868,51.5149592696937,51.5030390597849,51.5111298020862,51.5044389572581,51.5064233095906,51.4957693216057,51.4957680922845,51.5018998332116,51.5057891433331,51.5105989388325,51.5135033401264,51.5115229026332,51.5017606533975,51.5132497172137,51.5081189817129,51.5071615277647,51.5056476540249,51.5097589100158,51.5046102936643,51.4992357490868,51.4980273910407,51.5111035979969,51.4907791973886,51.5134577707145,51.5151444181351,51.4860263923705,51.506283155115,51.4868994512209,51.5090753771431,51.5092407929936,51.4871921119266,51.5062441813523,51.4973039931989,51.492803693757,51.4979456265849,51.5013267706942,51.4896793237275,51.5112577655495,51.501394813344,51.5041806510052,51.5147683984881,51.5119871061497,51.4879784575053,51.488647821597,51.5082982820509,51.4876974388213,51.4884744558814,51.5129222137309,51.5161868964633,51.4880792882835,51.4947839169958,51.5054241437114,51.5156193000935,51.5129975556832,51.5023940566636,51.4919593500349,51.5144129183255,51.5005751889674,51.5155034372952,51.5069876511252,51.5151982799336,51.5163915974518,51.5134130658968,51.5165948351757,51.4893471605144,51.4886159172509,51.5150577114363,51.5145825633756,51.5044488784865,51.4955880136101,51.4937366990824,51.5128518122308,51.4939289355548,51.5029419150684,51.5091682546988,51.5050923418096,51.5168623720712,51.5040888922972,51.5033274003976,51.5096807490831,51.4966720251076,51.5147218321921,51.5016853319116,51.5125620279918,51.493441283661,51.5087215729349,51.4961662469111,51.5146976212305,51.4937706185654,51.5020151512217,51.5092076018984,51.5140867134917,51.5159419819104,51.4952155021814,51.4951560977159,51.5163694534055,51.5082608043431,51.5124401845516,51.5142118184346,51.515916493724,51.4933185913244,51.5037143379757,51.5027746735699,51.4958595311156,51.5163653760531,51.5156047352807,51.4975343776292,51.5110002882001,51.5169729021104,51.5000319182543,51.5090436973422,51.5149219620409,51.4875389540191,51.5150857424036,51.5084538106379,51.5151541539467,51.5097865771807,51.5159549495162,51.5127515069941,51.4967185129874,51.4993326119172,51.5061829586242,51.4920345386616,51.504235088323,51.4966874492471,51.501591380657,51.4924047278817,51.5139899147105,51.5001723072336,51.5072456591777,51.4967731289703,51.5095437464412,51.5026929378898,51.508562124173,51.4872471879506,51.5085865156738,51.5128101549326,51.4879251796112,51.4951893235484,51.5143598037425,51.4942889218813,51.4894944040017,51.5043212805365,51.5076902252953,51.5102222734458,51.5031734772285,51.5166658332942,51.5043254436816,51.5049808697429,51.5025177615039,51.4990562399051,51.5138464877368,51.5077447102118,51.5005362419971,51.5114072127839,51.4956232930055,51.4945988544117,51.5030080845848,51.4894427185412,51.508889592912,51.5062763618566,51.5147501510389,51.4995502076496,51.5164500526677,51.5008683925336,51.5056844080824,51.5163715034962,51.4992950066,51.5082375131519,51.4920104972042,51.4961510611545,51.4922013905516,51.5025264519935,51.5169469269486,51.4961230248626,51.5167719646042,51.5029358621117,51.4878175318397,51.5133299512543,51.5164052981482,51.4948318283329,51.5122070715114,51.5146798212882,51.5045407817512,51.5017196770417,51.5027579752948,51.4869966673984,51.503355519879,51.4949828973538,51.4926737970747,51.4941006796173,51.5006535609891,51.5109970652386,51.4903043557535,51.5127447217063,51.5021341162272,51.5082696491693,51.498599867536,51.5137136161959,51.5066106219127,51.5017816083999,51.486826445276,51.5095400951729,51.5137826983603,51.5097801928432,51.5008538444475,51.5116011105694,51.5025919077722,51.4964933452237,51.4942297192731,51.5000196182009,51.5152773499055,51.501025184208,51.5110710823224,51.4999272391918,51.4986939326295,51.5122844925782,51.5139483427196,51.5113235865446,51.4933144231555,51.4870064620449,51.5152860111181,51.5037922825163,51.4879394172182,51.512468548877,51.5128833499976,51.4864076415874,51.5111153706411,51.500370510321,51.5013709946412,51.4878993461565,51.515293816947,51.4942751260078,51.4969524279444,51.504294194825,51.4993263918583,51.5044646705249,51.4963871919788,51.5133473864599,51.5044394408328,51.4985028772254,51.5089320970342,51.5074934713278,51.5126279487381,51.5105921620477,51.5057400858296,51.493204741954,51.5069135579686,51.5093549076454,51.5143806190341,51.4985481031063,51.5003711483147,51.5077487219401,51.5162476412081,51.4901280043909,51.5155867865629,51.4912891156995,51.5122778509095,51.49942337758,51.51652678782,51.5142916356613,51.5021388581472,51.5104265705242,51.5089289386737,51.5060048986222,51.4994795814073,51.5080088009968,51.5157821407493,51.5158283247947,51.5081830685375,51.4925407512816,51.5026284807032,51.5112410078944,51.5173840456436,51.5127720003975,51.4905135095415,51.5022763540791,51.4963215222279,51.5096280630265,51.5109407089909,51.5172085235784,51.4884014931822,51.5036927388702,51.5013176409048,51.5154696519563,51.5077626819212,51.4974131980557,51.515789103046,51.5143095222666,51.4899776770002,51.5026227261611,51.5109279923715,51.4887888435202,51.5071942939392,51.5049644032735,51.5050043433216,51.505815720801,51.5055313535594,51.5020783847015,51.5034554187592,51.5054802215974,51.5154538185977,51.4901835319577,51.5142677662797,51.5159977800924,51.5116938624493,51.5023102996073,51.5013051563847,51.5053285597497,51.4993625303444,51.5133231361883,51.4894792695017,51.4923999677177,51.5019731954131,51.510362033775,51.5120171654433,51.5040101686807,51.4955903172968,51.494934584258,51.5155137070648,51.5151246438341,51.4936191105644,51.4872995416746,51.5005469539599,51.4970272134457,51.4876722221954,51.4916298835225,51.4986405223552,51.5040965961788,51.4909484975346,51.5146558041213,51.516244123489,51.4944819197284,51.512779167133,51.5021502831664,51.5023815123763,51.4970021151369,51.4961164940127,51.5011167794954,51.5034497486351,51.4931320178796,51.4932875318491,51.5171619178575,51.5149528927984,51.5013764689761,51.5043627853169,51.5069859277095,51.5139301917043,51.5003931141282,51.5163106846271,51.5158563198736,51.5008559469165,51.504699651526,51.510131858508,51.5152003780957,51.4987650628368,51.4881132977256,51.4914144759081,51.5170784685905,51.5063031681709,51.5041185418035,51.4997565881673,51.5022885674756,51.4926164837899,51.5161219852189,51.5160390870452,51.504376668502,51.5133460635647,51.5000417704849,51.5055657128235,51.5011379569909,51.5145335992334,51.4986564492972,51.5097817763851,51.4980610968554,51.5129584279002,51.5078601237242,51.5171826595581,51.5154400595501,51.5008966911865,51.5098849250955,51.5152952280945,51.5038229712949,51.4931640539424,51.5011363030351,51.4918176168329,51.5000158149182,51.5150165006237,51.4959481718806,51.5146629004299,51.5082470604584,51.5079122349472,51.517225958207,51.5101488444483,51.5133843503901,51.5121887499835,51.5170520586261,51.50890205942,51.49871858204,51.4958203327219,51.4996755775614,51.5103143351024,51.5074712115028,51.5057897952873,51.5127291619459,51.5120716373597,51.5001910832963,51.5005668863934,51.4931192482387,51.517728049354,51.5037773305354,51.5165710812689,51.5140655993056,51.5148305175112,51.5154420334842,51.5029533680328,51.5123775718694,51.5072100962712,51.5012737716708,51.5098344214338,51.5001701448492,51.49354978917,51.4924357206625,51.5154189641283,51.5137024649957,51.5061457793954,51.5155451015286,51.5077003721945,51.513460497871,51.5025034319528,51.4938254471534,51.512757541597,51.503375523207,51.5165249944092,51.5027042269247,51.5039940717757,51.5148077871951,51.5021642851775,51.4952078630067,51.4919864697271,51.4952404682608,51.4965810765857,51.4946964120801,51.517051594576,51.4881411240702,51.5034578092962,51.5077640985589,51.5155227912488,51.4938568195953,51.4956145639421,51.4977823749938,51.510248871449,51.4917446178671,51.5146975163185,51.4871723747791,51.4881927071305,51.4851856092719,51.5062816046443,51.5091628907794,51.4872815969864,51.5159743536725,51.5157976882156,51.492320284972,51.4898845638037,51.4887003655215,51.5086388224379,51.5003554284495,51.5082885016896,51.5106181995293,51.5154628157105,51.504290212227,51.5083699384368,51.5137707216759,51.5104549681363,51.510337018353,51.4980974316265,51.511662239198,51.5159979760987,51.4875415491953,51.4885747114224,51.5118906935801,51.4962561581302,51.4998404947619,51.5085875005125,51.5147981308701,51.5139261912965,51.5008977060123,51.4985233349598,51.5065526904495,51.5028854289623,51.4924288938331,51.4894421397722,51.5085818165024,51.514362078232,51.5065068915766,51.5136999013935,51.5101396822892,51.5175945975591,51.4961395613826,51.4975629458079,51.5067533286427,51.5152162163462,51.5085871620806,51.4917755960115,51.4997470318756,51.5011202661662,51.4994240200282,51.5125627655278,51.5140498117491,51.5109038927992,51.5029407978735,51.4989576531398,51.5023750380141,51.4889192180752,51.4872802607577,51.5040334982594,51.5136690838627,51.5109420031307,51.5143202473535,51.5112148195415,51.5149233692581,51.5143346264504,51.5141967803425,51.5025419454141,51.5130053704412,51.5112188361799,51.5105780391715,51.5029073576617,51.4916307086098,51.500142868446,51.5112787098262,51.5036055716815,51.5106627454464,51.513321475943,51.5169387093743,51.515261231789,51.5078653003906,51.514556103116,51.5007460877114,51.487144082443,51.4894989490633,51.4980249606526,51.496376147027,51.4999090627386,51.500551549203,51.4934293835051,51.5026018578222,51.5146331301553,51.4871883419009,51.5048432971328,51.492725425168,51.4968362536523,51.4932732549443,51.4951199470233,51.4855852575961,51.5102876219604,51.5074923996496,51.5128610057063,51.5049804045815,51.5103440439704,51.515231837243,51.4936668387706,51.501760887852,51.5056644780953,51.5115880117936,51.5096147075426,51.5107425476639,51.4942788540587,51.5049038371067,51.5155535249515,51.5114060897385,51.5014734843518,51.5055316919094,51.4955942243243,51.4864009371535,51.4891302591577,51.4964687707198,51.4929775607893,51.5027906580866,51.5122979370972,51.4994515770723,51.5058093268453,51.5049165851968,51.5011580337652,51.5112955658529,51.4959900529228,51.5058131558691,51.4978352554088,51.4930415132048,51.4934495571181,51.4934315802111,51.4995702742206,51.4948937862168,51.5070508119535,51.4924130729658,51.4915352605635,51.5107629846242,51.5034836350665,51.4863562689304,51.5037865644532,51.5151612334841,51.5164645528156,51.5091643200578,51.5146885018692,51.5149735600006,51.5020270566301,51.5110846142498,51.514045732277,51.5157640686754,51.4892114739006,51.5143012254517,51.5097898121535,51.4911735354159,51.50654703371,51.5106634783119,51.5164102478666,51.5112781750674,51.4957136862017,51.5112046108516,51.4995184245371,51.498987013605,51.5100640289841,51.5127536724224,51.5049592007851,51.501031494314,51.491104903724,51.4970364078671,51.4891042870614,51.5147742498946,51.4955312174509,51.4951335257662,51.4907430729212,51.516812305354,51.5038283695592,51.4919906396508,51.4951430370414,51.4948550147481,51.5048439680468,51.5086424805596,51.5080753155876,51.487238637279,51.5032695455143,51.4900400422451,51.5104958002481,51.5004602621289,51.5044969161012,51.5155728001826,51.5071040393271,51.5098494153054,51.5130670281339,51.4979768183177,51.4939962214303,51.5010859959211,51.5167090064152,51.5066906517141,51.5137568143185,51.5045608889213,51.5037026635061,51.5153361287854,51.5152670411514,51.4934270584435,51.511260541107,51.5028859334297,51.5158172366984,51.4985037525273,51.4870224648369,51.5091622695501,51.5065114538845,51.4876978100469,51.5167380458667,51.5008299727754,51.5035236662985,51.5067623236089,51.5066521826159,51.508610852773,51.5030060799139,51.507975564384,51.5087759061013,51.5121254776876,51.5058783036299,51.501311910431,51.5148441118235,51.513921917626,51.5018047477976,51.4964865274275,51.5152125281238,51.4998077485445,51.4886114867182,51.4997035522691,51.490095059942,51.5122359624867,51.5039107357557,51.5156521096224,51.508182852318,51.4873483820362,51.5059078053451,51.4909716856872,51.4950481132657,51.5046184906141,51.512656798194,51.5148050741906,51.5159202667883,51.4914853833289,51.5110329757646,51.5150889585883,51.5154340159949,51.4996616508543,51.5132221032769,51.4967406926508,51.496590111407,51.4876402453876,51.5094336980953,51.5148985674084,51.5042330131593,51.4927058678878,51.5137620654886,51.4947850557921,51.5068374755221,51.4929021405478,51.4901629524094,51.5159590550335,51.5138029834343,51.509068674786,51.5105487397581,51.5011896167706,51.5132979750313,51.4961481453669,51.4918840889603,51.515716486458,51.5009080549168,51.5069542798209,51.4879303437327,51.5121898426509,51.5109606611752,51.4960363006066,51.5069285422435,51.5130705969108,51.5154826338638,51.5153811383264,51.5001671698676,51.502768916364,51.5141149386867,51.5137074225113,51.4881186719883,51.5051731368506,51.5114956987646,51.4973460078729,51.5055727828439,51.5171663909303,51.4907542092404,51.4856006757062,51.5034515154354,51.5143974074882,51.5162669210594,51.490240755905,51.4916501771798,51.5022631100609,51.5137775032658,51.5049144798156,51.5070034541159,51.5051105338645,51.5067325749366,51.5108138939002,51.4999487286337,51.4908728671303,51.5108961454663,51.5113050731701,51.5143952253864,51.5034898102851,51.4874952741208,51.4864910208336,51.5119816704644,51.5089980776072,51.5069348445647,51.5018954715797,51.5082406053948,51.5081396674666,51.4970300407806,51.5120211933891,51.5129867917347,51.4942670479777,51.5121035638603,51.4962850350062,51.5161407538504,51.5100843924197,51.4916808699668,51.5158244613436,51.5024614773283,51.5074601903084,51.4874476750368,51.5132793687323,51.51131654381,51.4920906286081,51.4887170097059,51.4863460812625,51.4984978371745,51.4989138186326,51.4902256173792,51.4963362948184,51.5090088723515,51.51408116861,51.4903734107842,51.4880686997668,51.49439594438,51.5019239632563,51.5084066638988,51.4941894740992,51.4885815480714,51.5144226860486,51.5157438091996,51.4983790307172,51.4980029617507,51.5124515277327,51.5046143794015,51.507653791017,51.491500319293,51.5095360093662,51.4907578851684,51.5162657851751,51.4949243781401,51.4948618497572,51.489095170767,51.5086836933235,51.5016060614283,51.5057059222982,51.5045203471562,51.5097677954368,51.5040546537243,51.5084125291195,51.5066142724205,51.4931226742939,51.4970203928132,51.5056892446495,51.5088626669209,51.5092717197378,51.5095710553505,51.5097219665743,51.5026006274736,51.5085614480717,51.5091282722519,51.5164178951196,51.5096289545215,51.5106499840689,51.4894402043881,51.5017607938958,51.4905948685234,51.5155871650685,51.4995155120188,51.5129068451451,51.512703853174,51.5126370922045,51.4886889159551,51.5042549363479,51.5057473977454,51.5054659693882,51.4894822710149,51.486642109799,51.5148704350706,51.5165667025045,51.5025083928218,51.5014724279868,51.5088640501396,51.5110759793189,51.5007230417912,51.5159559923098,51.5023921845593,51.5022236489779,51.5057695845976,51.4879779474028,51.5176984328409,51.4960044162296,51.5179211340471,51.5086187272182,51.5166802414079,51.4990993816413,51.508333632803,51.5100718752854,51.5116994857354,51.5125935685091,51.5159453871437,51.5030389815847,51.494658805913,51.5076766315766,51.5070879762085,51.489440833274,51.4958263543557,51.5109769223494,51.4947010505658,51.4886532207816,51.5095987530337,51.5147425894857,51.4983509928322,51.5093966393013,51.4884476365115,51.4990131379194,51.5002308112938,51.5027769492468,51.4891334149337,51.514591781998,51.4906657518984,51.4866432443452,51.4957140913633,51.5133719236703,51.5038562959393,51.5133286305077,51.5103281765732,51.5080153033036,51.4891082984588,51.5148138545974,51.5149024899479,51.5155837835778,51.4874381640486,51.4999556028697,51.4879756606548,51.5099591699705,51.4965027574553,51.5104388039512,51.5145927642739,51.494282214378,51.5148115063551,51.5140546267376,51.5148947241891,51.4949590275,51.5076438913421,51.501013610304,51.4902273058434,51.5111511717851,51.5147851062808,51.4946798743239,51.494934283598,51.5013588380928,51.4898033689401,51.4909993988357,51.5056671559747,51.4890692594647,51.5085399614234,51.5105493578885,51.4930364955992,51.511184444892,51.5156398505766,51.5096644494791,51.4903959778953,51.5081621676775,51.5113461754695,51.4862833285453,51.5131487476226,51.5122687963245,51.5006146879989,51.5172012528629,51.5060116322236,51.5061873010316,51.5094432921984,51.4938677411865,51.5067541019941,51.5048909511359,51.4959094382103,51.5061005219841,51.5155739156047,51.5030222080505,51.5155838345328,51.5073741713689,51.5104406087978,51.49090808976,51.50999451195,51.505961284422,51.5023330163189,51.5036749234681,51.509725212167,51.5062359121873,51.5008329763587,51.4952072611909,51.517506496787,51.5090569656558,51.5138823870123,51.4944742231226,51.5138002593207,51.5084471926012,51.4956007187627,51.4868516246834,51.5012500618136,51.4907870070654,51.5138499638784,51.4965406882582,51.5084346380431,51.5073664450547,51.4952475713533,51.5113692836727,51.5156497899497,51.4928661238404,51.5128914645005,51.5121812064999,51.4898418657909,51.5130253912849,51.5003468468231,51.4874450087081,51.4937285616446,51.5126924544172,51.5071841210503,51.5055462008686,51.5069639363651,51.4881581097825,51.5064732900105,51.4896657994779,51.5104528121871,51.514857640762,51.5003300398401,51.5101216051852,51.5150345967032,51.5039289614318,51.515327281808,51.5055535712921,51.4904604554538,51.4865471188685,51.5121096101237,51.5057032883396,51.4961022160875,51.5160180045945,51.5164581787422,51.4944185670249,51.5057476522919,51.5091777638768,51.5149198422913,51.5116235626532,51.4895875795109,51.4940082353516,51.5071425316463,51.5032948824832,51.5067141790811,51.5020204615846,51.5140171844703,51.5151845617849,51.5118396857996,51.5102794933044,51.4926112160177,51.4887149822093,51.5010434256354,51.5125712084925,51.5023977106926,51.5114280445574,51.494250741183,51.5140658125077,51.4955519614704,51.5155268526728,51.4868327766526,51.5100116350352,51.5058421817935,51.4894469460668,51.5134297903316,51.5116789007262,51.5008164789376,51.4965339859578,51.494176359305,51.5064553411442,51.5069847912908,51.5091631297992,51.4949505625299,51.5085290392126,51.4984301577468,51.4978146763089,51.5139861168788,51.5016747195646,51.4884930361897,51.507235801642,51.4963185351199,51.508110553424,51.4899379124231,51.4880991671379,51.4890590271229,51.4958716194112,51.5054002155013,51.4885405654898,51.5020333834619,51.5069567356313,51.5075868160419,51.4868084551642,51.4895422088551,51.5093717956801,51.4900757869584,51.5027193827193,51.5116326041471,51.5075426690724,51.5090563187503,51.5043162932466,51.5151458665946,51.4955073136705,51.5094790090182,51.4935792045797,51.5103485874081,51.4938514032662,51.4976597296791,51.4941423873084,51.5121177982813,51.5162181097905,51.5167026083506,51.5094015423627,51.5155151818317,51.5018382799853,51.5141161355188,51.4996327000553,51.5045173674019,51.49881908163,51.5147357776797,51.4862013737728,51.5113328932116,51.5096673094754,51.4992413539271,51.5148738389528,51.4907069383004,51.5039602764822,51.4937357994616,51.4933785767676,51.487337468142,51.4885238433275,51.4880954585963,51.4916896339321,51.5122193491435,51.4990043792788,51.5144247479535,51.4923752206889,51.5088254565932,51.4892635822157,51.5009252470044,51.4900467276806,51.5022724677223,51.4924460671668,51.5028471530364,51.5115243017065,51.4944213024459,51.5045916890977,51.4945493699916,51.5141237030012,51.4969895203667,51.5133491509288,51.5057289215308,51.4882971449183,51.5002391423035,51.494013754013,51.5072745423835,51.5035251631352,51.5081177677395,51.5074327639208,51.4907626791455,51.4891215725629,51.5173559423727,51.4901103093145,51.5162971870134,51.4957658611476,51.4873725654306,51.5135167380106,51.5057586476071,51.5067542954338,51.5119201479245,51.4944986141396,51.5156487889578,51.5059883251552,51.4920615195127,51.5041287444232,51.5011413152875,51.4949273623433,51.5153733233293,51.4873397100835,51.5020076693735,51.5116399227889,51.4864684384393,51.512243408061,51.4913793638961,51.4879089238975,51.5008656208031,51.5088378182719,51.5097545711079,51.4988260651623,51.510463261898,51.5071005700323,51.5064612336205,51.5148651428696,51.5110900160472,51.501508659277,51.4872063614835,51.492884772611,51.5104169321994,51.5164227573853,51.513737667739,51.512547334429,51.5028703906804,51.4958697072085,51.4938776863826,51.4892154947121,51.5019070281859,51.4964530296515,51.5034750487716,51.5137070553669,51.516752267256,51.5077208543152,51.5116631233619,51.5057849237994,51.4942548472553,51.4886040260196,51.5016147995799,51.4862423780561,51.5120885569298,51.4996685394817,51.5005358975617,51.4906315753856,51.5132165623048,51.5029420230968,51.5153736675426,51.4941346282387,51.5139328411577,51.5045244841509,51.4950457646292,51.4922809132277,51.5148441284866,51.4979600665685,51.5007609187974,51.4854348407464,51.5147510160099,51.4913715687571,51.5141785865976,51.5099273470343,51.5084132646388,51.4916163650145,51.4979538465673,51.5169821915057,51.5125136612102,51.5049480777623,51.4990361857319,51.487764601783,51.5152954499545,51.5009819090587,51.5043466602154,51.4888738707883,51.490367200628,51.5154609909553,51.5131273751783,51.5018630847117,51.5145702933578,51.4957868504073,51.5170646306957,51.5116477022723,51.5167812048646,51.5141480865055,51.4913011612666,51.506779674182,51.5039144791594,51.5052805894574,51.5009381117912,51.4888195892726,51.4878018811565,51.4997251155548,51.4890301489012,51.4958685238949,51.5073430286289,51.5067686054179,51.5169186224451,51.5036577839956,51.4960896980443,51.5132572066557,51.5132579616737,51.4879281616578,51.5087944436345,51.5150120858533,51.4906998853353,51.5150781363003,51.4928580288709,51.501451839124,51.5008021711257,51.5084671207806,51.5011885239061,51.5092133188144,51.5118683724874,51.5068189404309,51.5021626292878,51.5071515230508,51.5155525280525,51.495708644431,51.4888966156896,51.5098066561016,51.513121120193,51.4983990184785,51.493731948958,51.4925012994559,51.5026501238382,51.5006704001245,51.5043258046654,51.504190819506,51.5068252425207,51.4883612375658,51.4888700258145,51.5055657970105,51.5056051071819,51.4983407635666,51.5087445210467,51.5119802281564,51.4932911476711,51.4996477453357,51.5144002907526,51.5119705812196,51.4910021717733,51.5008041823376,51.4998991566617,51.49797522993,51.511181329791,51.5099743548374,51.5157256544114,51.5154811109073,51.5150369203435,51.488361824855,51.4857839174937,51.515626364119,51.5096836518735,51.5093008838649,51.5171282030776,51.5157728128469,51.5115961837208,51.5120173500865,51.5081654193652,51.5032821292276,51.500720655618,51.4995850374706,51.5017840466865,51.49061078515,51.5008258386102,51.5149685831975,51.5063770806924,51.491541777079,51.4871193972083,51.5087842229525,51.4883293285709,51.5159351789181,51.5066017266017,51.4891732948781,51.4907099535844,51.5088299931287,51.4931522232913,51.5164219869316,51.5066430466956,51.512672654927,51.5016478539863,51.5140194081813,51.504788840855,51.5023322542402,51.4955991957346,51.5146841565653,51.5049005124132,51.4934828510885,51.4916038404432,51.5059683112088,51.4922632139894,51.5121177613794,51.5114785478799,51.5165780543736,51.4922993903712,51.4898534881249,51.5020642773136,51.5053430226693,51.5069641812685,51.5161340199857,51.5097665547407,51.5089677279123,51.5045357455663,51.5015290996858,51.5040542545889,51.4914548586141,51.4967345743467,51.5087950818887,51.5023687006488,51.5034168705676,51.5016583828563,51.4947897015071,51.500650773153,51.5150314584985,51.5151097702471,51.4896788342956,51.5008045301219,51.4910482669389,51.4905271274458,51.4919040348822,51.5102308307992,51.4876489723495,51.5035221566946,51.5139091602393,51.5003910865219,51.4989146582382,51.5011408153127,51.4895662420195,51.5029880165978,51.5112872323938,51.494456769098,51.505898564285,51.5109506543485,51.5101903928792,51.5113074207425,51.4903341698792,51.5086048021538,51.5145936989613,51.5147245745228,51.51375868541,51.5147599848563,51.5005441897244,51.5068566309515,51.5017348314438,51.5070621131164,51.5013025406801,51.5141724331597,51.5165932257193,51.5136518456387,51.4987924124822,51.4882575596881,51.4903117762749,51.5097747934677,51.4934461158752,51.4942409128212,51.4982014266902,51.5035634550855,51.5055739485034,51.4950378985453,51.507482092132,51.5089235778899,51.4931803096859,51.5155666072902,51.5072001047229,51.4881020724987,51.4885035162514,51.5083345504732,51.4908940366895,51.5046680650053,51.501914366098,51.5095909206238,51.5115429794482,51.492717325167,51.5133372096515,51.5044804848635,51.4982605203953,51.4874162041224,51.4930575232532,51.5067885872155,51.4931906404309,51.5020112580294,51.514308003982,51.5084584249182,51.4874259501819,51.5106458812273,51.486302862921,51.4956589944974,51.4908807740589,51.4929391035429,51.5077226522675,51.5089349392508,51.5066593543168,51.4965042376615,51.4964537907072,51.517268590356,51.5047393520423,51.5145314105504,51.4880399783432,51.4910362899149,51.4991681352878,51.5147797074032,51.4904739480669,51.4867390136089,51.4903170340261,51.5168775739096,51.4995648302196,51.5034412425177,51.5078762448541,51.4937746523383,51.5090236988449,51.4962207797558,51.515967077145,51.5169107287472,51.5154198880179,51.5033421532099,51.4956310349161,51.5068476027994,51.5010128828057,51.4903600502041,51.5152696841576,51.516497584131,51.4888469921238,51.491560245876,51.4887836763805,51.4899199262219,51.5139971573303,51.502499764827,51.516043490643,51.4875139647696,51.5086842835174,51.492909485967,51.4936009834365,51.4891369837167,51.4906575847862,51.5129414171503,51.5065483452137,51.4937988282654,51.50199677495,51.4932059717763,51.5101230023896,51.5036799223815,51.509995035016,51.498972692852,51.5005030584136,51.4991476469926,51.4893810158756,51.4904434828626,51.4957290222777,51.4882814799355,51.5160273521335,51.5077508547177,51.5147550593676,51.5124982943078,51.4882917012125,51.499010029758,51.4972358983564,51.5066406956836,51.4885017539335,51.5125394992636,51.5065240805457,51.4911126370427,51.5011206600541,51.5154015352986,51.5047761158076,51.5022009402921,51.5000304763755,51.5009235106497,51.5149078549754,51.5147265092637,51.4915916067995,51.4970812564557,51.4997531716916,51.5013640194462,51.5153091811262,51.5030631769053,51.5107901853119,51.5059971366641,51.4869595471013,51.514903451638,51.5143348882845,51.4995973370121,51.5034490387538,51.491315243831,51.5090742394659,51.4991079056987,51.5018088182652,51.5043627940038,51.501792068141,51.5078956553724,51.5157725892925,51.4982807535607,51.5074108784419,51.4952986567863,51.5099496799415,51.5132197290622,51.4967522753508,51.5086446243561,51.5114998408704,51.4922839850741,51.5142870858627,51.4997415059973,51.5125295792463,51.4860703480775,51.4970883283309,51.5093937731675,51.5010372547119,51.5073548775513,51.4918346291517,51.5097263629759,51.5130811989084,51.4888245698925,51.4955553903459,51.5138039802983,51.4930795986316,51.5000669276873,51.48786300235,51.512034169854,51.5019660578614,51.4952558610938,51.4881337481257,51.5100559492818,51.4985589803843,51.5152117317782,51.5155615256719,51.5175885451369,51.4885146678241,51.5070432974132,51.4964775185937,51.4932997910975,51.5157780601384,51.492285262634,51.5150746130768,51.4899859952943,51.4925203236357,51.5100815108587,51.4881545347244,51.5058630980672,51.5108929540301,51.4900192902623,51.4882547884214,51.4894932630366,51.4938189264066,51.4939459230825,51.4925785173918,51.5153740975519,51.488885681059,51.4952361559018,51.4999466593849,51.4936033183886,51.4885179193401,51.4901601871706,51.5094531789326,51.5166940947729,51.4924444424016,51.5157552755069,51.5144806380592,51.4979458819064,51.5055841696171,51.4866004731175,51.4987128858244,51.4882889607349,51.5006205509403,51.4911772333522,51.4923719612961,51.513288899763,51.4865994184345,51.4879591633176,51.4970710641368,51.5018463933993,51.5143568971093,51.4875190883672,51.4932163455195,51.4952802792367,51.5154998179053,51.4902556715065,51.5086416098174,51.4990684587135,51.5020216016528,51.4974482721893,51.4908977902342,51.4952267285942,51.4962714216457,51.512615350333,51.5148674662696,51.5085820453145,51.4944243932508,51.4977952317529,51.5099907902078,51.508687219594,51.486559509691,51.4922351522908,51.4917975301663,51.5014742185559,51.5147340823149,51.5022961480633,51.4970349425253,51.5116696404465,51.4908804673699,51.5144092911098,51.5016736320311,51.5043672413844,51.5032662322107,51.5093693497304,51.4931126693698,51.5149440911332,51.5107231325748,51.4960923642571,51.5147546669666,51.5163943319347,51.5041175229203,51.4877807784544,51.499729921104,51.4872453293989,51.5175944965772,51.5149904894544,51.5075088010451,51.5124364788885,51.4883251121578,51.4912039022134,51.5019117357227,51.5139147336441,51.4900171064229,51.5103293951694,51.4918106059953,51.486425500522,51.5092557158875,51.4886414834945,51.5016676951382,51.5035161319429,51.4853104835993,51.4952095883873,51.5150900970008,51.5005942414999,51.5148820457476,51.4885920865831,51.4951694711806,51.5089490683981,51.5132435319479,51.5116876170495,51.5117003417324,51.4967140462482,51.5111371297194,51.4933570076437,51.5118349297922,51.5098251683156,51.5076045641543,51.487559003305,51.5122880277482,51.4951216326357,51.516059249965,51.5054348335206,51.5089645639748,51.5145619638619,51.502886769811,51.5134249141991,51.5154783786113,51.5013898706893,51.5135547127158,51.5112184423345,51.4883813066811,51.5162147951412,51.5155520425429,51.515812931572,51.4893748754365,51.50117152459,51.4997151930064,51.5156749087006,51.5043876945998,51.488691433428,51.4972552935918,51.5160205154873,51.4979160829904,51.5137596672864,51.5145679587075,51.4928885613185,51.5013364544856,51.5105732405995,51.5069744279685,51.5008722490694,51.5135724781297,51.4934066519057,51.5008504461734,51.4990097037256,51.5155444143608,51.5064454259461,51.5168943267176,51.5099329123487,51.5032550041873,51.5004755997181,51.4980154238301,51.4948341502386,51.4989202893101,51.4898211994276,51.4941372873402,51.4943743507725,51.5119366585198,51.4951095220736,51.513855719405,51.5071310121013,51.4975657327679,51.5073455891794,51.4921828501727,51.504174984855,51.4874446175094,51.4868171933486,51.513228792822,51.4921629562851,51.5155799536469,51.5153209529583,51.5001792866435,51.5071320405953,51.4896720492184,51.4862565171451,51.5156724935198,51.5085920649778,51.5062002458003,51.5083041452606,51.509162934321,51.5047188131689,51.4890236006349,51.4952827864982,51.4962103784759,51.5014535532317,51.4927432679964,51.4867012035945,51.4958309648644,51.5153353038596,51.4888438452207,51.4990202704028,51.4888756257666,51.5092012826409,51.4978974978921,51.5168908424502,51.5167335171227,51.5092774987947,51.5148449144283,51.4915581381983,51.4891201366663,51.4859462248761,51.4865144734777,51.4948062211796,51.4958850159793,51.5061663994228,51.493814529075,51.5039638938404,51.5059345574351,51.4887143933928,51.5175345777019,51.502590533613,51.5073385833602,51.4947558574923,51.5018158634452,51.4996387619355,51.5139814594349,51.50769581497,51.5027109794437,51.5144684008735,51.5118075595438,51.5045949649992,51.4955333615111,51.5042271695125,51.5031213734326,51.4885938191913,51.4889647976808,51.4889876511276,51.5058134134321,51.4890115760954,51.5101081821053,51.5165402349987,51.5175584333565,51.5106767741923,51.5119484141579,51.5153788736898,51.5133444926496,51.4887782093628,51.4954359537048,51.5085827172206,51.513575586881,51.5120958424724,51.5116318772151,51.5036738808051,51.5119883409541,51.5141662359519,51.5135771636491,51.5111666420883,51.5041243247511,51.5131588436532,51.5000220547265,51.4957098400813,51.510919853249,51.5147707198935,51.4866613702486,51.4882159000749,51.5097647976879,51.4873766311049,51.5011462547129,51.5106449722392,51.5017079352541,51.4969231735666,51.4983761501407,51.4914647769849,51.4926045471467,51.4878965827893,51.4971829350375,51.5080256051027,51.4991874350113,51.4930124149302,51.503737727966,51.4944860369512,51.5103243779012,51.4880446465571,51.5122644320495,51.4899660036146,51.4872956846282,51.5046749611722,51.5062666234199,51.4882835754682,51.5034170535332,51.5037662046748,51.4915876804413,51.5080924712651,51.4897068067971,51.5159312706631,51.4898453727596,51.4859718197829,51.5050283906295,51.491380128699,51.4956418213018,51.5131134541149,51.5074217339214,51.5089939564115,51.4862288914468,51.5167978404946,51.5128722032429,51.5081826268696,51.493649512198,51.4963694173452,51.514949920685,51.5173290944671,51.5123186533056,51.5173462494951,51.4883773769077,51.5155896703159,51.5025498777547,51.4895631432076,51.4897910511546,51.48825806525,51.4940434228962,51.4907247970831,51.5172271520091,51.4905810753439,51.499636284713,51.5041983210151,51.5032120125387,51.4917846865414,51.5148254576717,51.5120778475737,51.4938917556655,51.4872451991454,51.5052069547057,51.5070893757436,51.492932922924,51.4972003930629,51.5033699189809,51.5023155724898,51.4969632490538,51.50564284356,51.5012066292663,51.4940362859904,51.5062433814495,51.5043098536232,51.516941119603,51.4977911412265,51.4966667010789,51.5146142921508,51.4969380048784,51.4915230380479,51.4912603494294,51.5017106384108,51.4945493692626,51.5082326339107,51.51018087516,51.49165541623,51.5016046923262,51.5097165187289,51.5151964275123,51.5119265112568,51.502136048812,51.4968176152849,51.4894629713684,51.4931832154367,51.4886316954404,51.4926481278927,51.4898172873756,51.4893362488844,51.5076253763969,51.5004692065849,51.4955021880153,51.4973117933613,51.493715567975,51.5147557345244,51.4875951419222,51.5156595686639,51.5059877623506,51.516343921177,51.5088534134642,51.4915693096827,51.4947129358072,51.4955223734465,51.5010420452306,51.4943595636666,51.4989516331412,51.5152404750564,51.5019162187145,51.4956207039307,51.4888079552295,51.5133744229749,51.4966315347731,51.5015870812966,51.5082234256052,51.5127847095026,51.5002272973652,51.4907936231352,51.4947198426344,51.493975339671,51.5154051519596,51.5143363543606,51.5023021035504,51.49616593691,51.5051931065333,51.5091856532599,51.4875897356175,51.4943105313752,51.4946576467915,51.493097011437,51.4856146906101,51.513483852222,51.4963878170872,51.5018880666581,51.4967939751698,51.490526941726,51.4930458550527,51.494431318868,51.5155083141628,51.5023075662134,51.5101661419456,51.4879629355387,51.4989797703533,51.513196739136,51.4875458028293,51.4939540590574,51.5058879133087,51.5032317139539,51.5049548550169,51.4930440923637,51.5019346283036,51.492857544811,51.5061919522929,51.5046588393698,51.5007870534312,51.4885598059143,51.5058712824908,51.5157345117752,51.509150043562,51.5128606227408,51.4966336741402,51.4975860323973,51.5170098031326,51.5150172296838,51.4901924466454,51.5165634181729,51.5006501581532,51.5137475188478,51.5161058356748,51.5076610105393,51.4918557437744,51.4914316818602,51.5134719045866,51.5068685778802,51.5161890880798,51.5137597792955,51.5008893708699,51.51424148096,51.4943322276506,51.4943151012281,51.5080561200664,51.5112906369189,51.4922756211522,51.5158469659371,51.5009390832411,51.5090463618007,51.4882431960219,51.4874102450775,51.5010073036237,51.5109942766823,51.5094136182699,51.4935498452748,51.5018491284033,51.5072354762191,51.4943089644262,51.4956751601987,51.5165922629037,51.5156140662584,51.4874742319388,51.4954625249074,51.5027440202118,51.5071508932629,51.4895892521589,51.499017717572,51.5123827042421,51.5017146855171,51.5115657733483,51.496300979146,51.5104109444505,51.5113937881184,51.501320382401,51.5045401256414,51.5002190377677,51.5081565353988,51.4950774510973,51.5067401343386,51.4927728555508,51.502542388978,51.5139214678489,51.5110683060965,51.4922586080563,51.5129397120834,51.505680913673,51.5128148324944,51.5091084126921,51.4922459552005,51.4964436708205,51.5175098508497,51.5106879081609,51.5168266440205,51.5146619088945,51.4999848919736,51.5045085417911,51.5038738735771,51.5112258857506,51.4928366299143,51.4883672122456,51.5123601355191,51.5169601324894,51.4961914790591,51.5176183817541,51.5158717773131,51.5062282220414,51.4885891848845,51.5137160345153,51.5012236042649,51.4988817588097,51.4934996494542,51.4900680527654,51.4923284100335,51.4995834077488,51.4993927921729,51.5075777744848,51.4952646963446,51.4958669448419,51.5041421055313,51.5110402138967,51.4999261837591,51.5030821879778,51.5003820613674,51.5132679588201,51.5022384693192,51.4933381477623,51.5024674150633,51.4952332349458,51.5117998753722,51.4897978953662,51.4893295177933,51.5111024591393,51.5089609939914,51.5000625072546,51.5099283865035,51.5149867495096,51.4953648769963,51.5080999825382,51.5038692029962,51.4960549288036,51.5049757878841,51.4889835402528,51.4931598882785,51.5022272297688,51.5056404562407,51.5128477026568,51.5004193767377,51.504348884852,51.5095916848646,51.4870630392714,51.4933647789694,51.4904976204741,51.5018040897076,51.4945263456926,51.4931676418921,51.5153489006989,51.4881134393798,51.5121586169869,51.4894639966386,51.5156955976886,51.5120254687913,51.515239698535,51.5063598866688,51.4986301230826,51.5108274403474,51.5067218692134,51.4932176061241,51.5066784931485,51.5030865307702,51.5037499646997,51.4892530072607,51.4883849609561,51.5027944562208,51.4870722002558,51.4995659030939,51.5072490597605,51.5010192592973,51.5030365823961,51.5075871875358,51.5135724069923,51.493597837259,51.513306732084,51.4930499524256,51.4937950190007,51.4947243352741,51.4886801860733,51.510428316233,51.5146600210794,51.4930080722444,51.5027220863938,51.514327600947,51.5096982195276,51.5098599459076,51.5153603234214,51.5069686974006,51.5155508414968,51.5176397454588,51.4953570873222,51.5139715107019,51.4931916600788,51.4865200101176,51.5156453408968,51.5086362515735,51.5126624442533,51.5069507650308,51.4947647766472,51.5093453420515,51.4999005803878,51.5082379034408,51.50376580499,51.495695186336,51.5151809469652,51.4997403368368,51.501732037178,51.5070514452642,51.5047151487178,51.4917248199564,51.4876842792339,51.5107269994212,51.5154680934495,51.4865206505886,51.4885003393233,51.4979686335662,51.5110633259411,51.516175011349,51.4945220112739,51.4990242268431,51.5172801039388,51.504422821583,51.5080905117441,51.5105808294531,51.5115328772659,51.5152515512935,51.5129131650089,51.5030475193836,51.5059884878837,51.5114594703619,51.4999160680454,51.4937931664742,51.5023469797493,51.4966179465862,51.5063709634919,51.506549206406,51.5108488728049,51.4957490200436,51.5133350271853,51.4962170241409,51.4874139188115,51.507368679757,51.50217205319,51.511910930691,51.5086406130259,51.4901723622767,51.5165701937254,51.5155526191064,51.5041076124157,51.5048904434577,51.50118837391,51.5072136147819,51.4891082340191,51.4889115167391,51.497934473392,51.5070149164021,51.5018280949344,51.4950412227761,51.4958912789151,51.4976638933959,51.5018301619487,51.4981449594319,51.5130839277216,51.5028917290317,51.4922476309819,51.5088155217805,51.5157992893506,51.5138949946939,51.5166971740862,51.495806710435,51.5156688116921,51.5166126011627,51.4975372903882,51.5128267440206,51.5171918366807,51.4939200785444,51.4960491390939,51.5091795206842,51.4862689183991,51.5061945012803,51.4939067335257,51.5055323002767,51.5093465418801,51.5068235893551,51.510862942658,51.5118218592874,51.4887101419985,51.5053607146215,51.513637281907,51.5001562696943,51.5064314927315,51.4866565796882,51.5116755223718,51.5061458853812,51.5085699191041,51.5059546863804,51.4918892851216,51.4897065367729,51.4862142354868,51.4895807112992,51.5130921324048,51.5029945558984,51.5076287278887,51.4922945628237,51.486567099533,51.514135410291,51.4966016666392,51.5119164676201,51.5059165389339,51.4883590793398,51.499827532097,51.5096024460596,51.499814227442,51.5135424618285,51.4871780551084,51.487786340835,51.4868905435521,51.5112592356224,51.5156897411295,51.5111083231939,51.5143415193621,51.491807748424,51.4962626739308,51.4860711062987,51.5147378115145,51.516559284021,51.5167107155602,51.5127098868893,51.4867629614782,51.4879415162835,51.4916441859242,51.4962108916181,51.5107694348475,51.5035936535115,51.5043286470172,51.5118772871094,51.4872760002347,51.5110910408935,51.4866749797244,51.5075759183545,51.5043205143768,51.500882306528,51.5113622272382,51.4881615132326,51.5085685127469,51.49354175829,51.5161482607193,51.5155659746924,51.5132848940925,51.5067558369847,51.5119982166556,51.5109094960467,51.5126201790589,51.486712008826,51.5127541294183,51.5043507592218,51.5074655808773,51.5014719800139,51.5157734118507,51.5016525607902,51.5144586007778,51.5161570841817,51.4872696617725,51.5166507778792,51.5087178783064,51.5116332007665,51.4881693231774,51.4924384879635,51.50467416288,51.4919312580339,51.5166829235389,51.4903370733901,51.4880924924742,51.5130291515205,51.5041121608448,51.5134387233448,51.4929299218083,51.5153625853224,51.5112093741756,51.5139669669514,51.4852151713374,51.5048997716473,51.5148540858411,51.5109649818126,51.5012346246473,51.5131020844135,51.5045809986517,51.489692493604,51.5138351126139,51.4865031526941,51.4863686280902,51.4881946897171,51.5146820415453,51.4861993565715,51.5141173074795,51.4970514079908,51.4932336958472,51.4968145077421,51.5136310881209,51.5104425464676,51.5101110872081,51.511228037179,51.4998240444578,51.5092943458412,51.5015282809016,51.487413309446,51.515911083446,51.5140258005126,51.5048879994035,51.5022595604531,51.5165002175465,51.4961005131113,51.5118797369141,51.4889390967081,51.4956501712555,51.48878550461,51.5117461907031,51.4887222700487,51.4903780181708,51.4915392730344,51.4966254838303,51.4951886094077,51.506234657213,51.5002559654499,51.5135593169509,51.5157989678034,51.4867040901705,51.4889724076712,51.5063413318116,51.5118812972301,51.5016873757579,51.4879087537694,51.5163746048357,51.4922954477394,51.4954898534387,51.4997783900009,51.5038297295653,51.5128981393739,51.5008690213551,51.5065042598062,51.5153946667058,51.5105364332684,51.4926237015224,51.5079800277062,51.5045745365872,51.5127306230246,51.5005481639968,51.5007900915902,51.4863681580157,51.489145449314,51.5157314770369,51.5055970426923,51.5019884559419,51.4963072382439,51.4982677512193,51.5031850512923,51.4992191276616,51.5064989204347,51.5143625193441,51.5087160178873,51.5140964690558,51.5108580904251,51.5110528693307,51.5162794991659,51.5086643165948,51.5156374517235,51.5106084823884,51.5122415769713,51.5144720943555,51.5068915779322,51.5008014766223,51.5065163061516,51.5076619257598,51.5154634514715,51.5039262158597,51.4893081946438,51.4980746807193,51.4878624369458,51.5130695804818,51.5006552097907,51.4868939785189,51.4859395847127,51.496284306804,51.5154164493942,51.5084077180753,51.5121966740192,51.4883137818074,51.4888492484234,51.4991214078285,51.504148194633,51.4900675489642,51.4991653395257,51.488779429206,51.4945571710235,51.5100750581965,51.4925552395326,51.4879412536141,51.5024442497983,51.4870105604082,51.4956955840661,51.5171337183301,51.4900742736113,51.5008823076363,51.5012283201948,51.4905433926681,51.512205439205,51.4968480767747,51.4962889063194,51.4982095693444,51.5002901775968,51.4908724073373,51.5161328570231,51.4916306680672,51.4936986054331,51.5127520930728,51.491166058748,51.5141998835526,51.4862182976726,51.4937402176088,51.4890225598326,51.5099061200333,51.4922389521355,51.5064513449894,51.5050770279373,51.5141469208511,51.4952761449039,51.5131875716252,51.5092264420606,51.5138394735025,51.4904652104968,51.497299020652,51.5116881275813,51.5062865880473,51.5029691043305,51.50825790745,51.4963978759602,51.490253670226,51.4891687913891,51.5165131200852,51.5101794272373,51.5124382102499,51.4994213404362,51.5111414098446,51.4977703490813,51.5024739984715,51.49126764715,51.4885453896194,51.5156066278431,51.4858002366612,51.5047526376835,51.50411196393,51.4972275930615,51.5163137479434,51.5048149265844,51.5037224223419,51.5144821194109,51.500538415668,51.5109227971028,51.5104420015013,51.4923579569293,51.5158047893127,51.5100152594432,51.4973891956268,51.4901244705572,51.5048170498275,51.511879770746,51.5013560109458,51.5137343357429,51.4913650462953,51.4875154723416,51.5009136507596,51.4895987559718,51.498261936865,51.4906587214385,51.5138571361685,51.511318915429,51.5018036881453,51.4938033623903,51.5113090597141,51.4911018321264,51.4986141821727,51.5033526021959,51.4873505607454,51.4911803830039,51.4877314563149,51.4921493466231,51.4911081169393,51.4870931811091,51.5158942379262,51.493856140676,51.4919576695469,51.4946403582366,51.5157077952035,51.4878101911501,51.4904895818046,51.4994658975257,51.5048667828819,51.5124763500775,51.5056973111969,51.4874556385958,51.4991966849268,51.4914984194833,51.491569176428,51.4900948765621,51.5034750146769,51.5109375608576,51.5069158027889,51.4953772454759,51.4938646035961,51.4954294621995,51.5135118432009,51.5041478396808,51.4937718373156,51.5027550113841,51.5167195417568,51.4918075578121,51.4960985019634,51.516288743071,51.5059284383419,51.4873666970811,51.4890153398282,51.5115985716483,51.4876005991174,51.5066567410737,51.5005107957823,51.516785556836,51.4924435562987,51.4925810927906,51.4971101471032,51.4880864416545,51.5140136378622,51.4922259265291,51.4877797682781,51.5067993286913,51.4929298941055,51.4902166425926,51.5045803262304,51.4960878536728,51.5083690193531,51.5045752768289,51.4882223228892,51.5140925999541,51.503857835961,51.4963098570326,51.4933416734613,51.487739332638,51.5095471568257,51.4964690096665,51.506237385785,51.5094427928629,51.5117664945756,51.5077589623859,51.493724366398,51.4923680526932,51.5163677711468,51.5085649484767,51.5048679334529,51.4884614355656,51.4912151890788,51.509939087778,51.5008487661488,51.4991226080242,51.5157296831882,51.490283777101,51.5117730129759,51.4976477805776,51.514967648984,51.5160050927573,51.5048980042674,51.503173752707,51.4851736094868,51.485917758869,51.5086544424984,51.4883682528343,51.4918070053419,51.500077857726,51.5092981624783,51.5027945677416,51.506681107482,51.4874153316004,51.5147261897639,51.5161529972634,51.4992177707431,51.4992513124841,51.5110262737193,51.5053916215624,51.4917111850351,51.4878055786485,51.5074166405597,51.4924911666087,51.5155661646243,51.4890778603707,51.5119918506623,51.5119552838279,51.499750115348,51.4930683230455,51.4884410684534,51.4993690772306,51.5117264114651,51.5092167015449,51.5024569515971,51.5155171153041,51.5148216806074,51.4926590573867,51.4862946782402,51.5116997245006,51.4895884564963,51.4961114065759,51.5151946523214,51.4997184888767,51.5068097620932,51.515926746279,51.5074856990612,51.5031266930772,51.5020877529264,51.505347752872,51.5148323197474,51.5108724034439,51.5041117241751,51.4893682007951,51.4923134523632,51.4966689419889,51.5069961661641,51.508227113201,51.5106538816026,51.4942437504691,51.4908464446521,51.5038351131299,51.4929941938034,51.5041465678778,51.493755083492,51.5024446393826,51.5005265043753,51.5027676455163,51.5144622856508,51.4985652415632,51.4869930760219,51.5169877927639,51.4952713495476,51.4986969833702,51.5144318339094,51.4912682024612,51.4882654916505,51.5112512857963,51.5018673302341,51.5050543699836,51.5110144817557,51.5094457132775,51.506825807619,51.4976155933155,51.5167544194508,51.4926327322637,51.5091710238088,51.516592103165,51.4950606884249,51.4873698110385,51.5120616077692,51.5138816343656,51.5107024736635,51.5084397797204,51.4874476708264,51.4988113121268,51.4943573821767,51.5033615172725,51.5121741606228,51.4922641547662,51.5107895671736,51.4929540012413,51.4870274120613,51.4872789422314,51.5046240975634,51.5112119498446,51.5064473942196,51.4912138877799,51.4927050389294,51.5175600608679,51.4889103903921,51.5033149085347,51.5093914886867,51.5065866234999,51.5004556039442,51.511935310524,51.4881064850678,51.5124362193537,51.4885600797329,51.4963589498282,51.4907740727373,51.4977234791259,51.5042986561563,51.4891849036159,51.5089610623589,51.5134722332313,51.5087429087594,51.5076075299337,51.5021510922996,51.511547070855,51.4879287598558,51.5050879354692,51.4902224132543,51.5036927790054,51.4919968359272,51.5113829521519,51.4872588219889,51.5130018142381,51.5069191529519,51.4962778876298,51.4941706572016,51.4997384832537,51.5015079250781,51.4983314586363,51.4980247641913,51.4868521189019,51.5005183765034,51.4944131768755,51.4941719166874,51.4953507208824,51.5177294636425,51.4880583765547,51.5172207344133,51.4891654944407,51.5154698953953,51.5111243302102,51.4934975823722,51.5154403076203,51.4978039374817,51.5138558564293,51.4877729932369,51.5014447641209,51.5110392021254,51.5055726334921,51.5112974391569,51.4940421498164,51.5117427564025,51.4935464618378,51.5028765530484,51.5159602123751,51.4935323737671,51.5046045127062,51.5118709376328,51.5013385628966,51.5154382858699,51.4907011536398,51.498555490939,51.488973035803,51.5055721880935,51.5136366221162,51.4873786486038,51.504311024791,51.4895240622042,51.5000673173618,51.5061032715008,51.4994834030488,51.4858615864446,51.5139251051241,51.5083623648858,51.5155248295598,51.4939628353338,51.4905553271285,51.4915853706549,51.5113724143862,51.4925023117076,51.4936182505365,51.5171781883805,51.5090480250161,51.4957954341203,51.5038476452242,51.5150180941146,51.5147554350809,51.5107820985076,51.4885069462702,51.4877081642019,51.5142728565337,51.4906859885313,51.4871405395211,51.4954958185085,51.5000447335758,51.4935894183014,51.4970608089493,51.5107869445748,51.5159200616082,51.5138539791425,51.4904349432957,51.502279561389,51.4902757757094,51.5069301337868,51.5154577313833,51.507094898798,51.502796256577,51.4942529992288,51.5006067143928,51.5059063943955,51.5054530441772,51.5103449250985,51.4923063527895,51.4901908992696,51.501770670469,51.5023008821466,51.5150319930552,51.5106149108415,51.492466773192,51.512900373222,51.4959504422343,51.4886136416956,51.4878470479531,51.507395613135,51.4872165911081,51.4976389939666,51.4963128015821,51.4991342301397,51.51588622853,51.5149526340066,51.5107658017512,51.4901766912018,51.5053324134197,51.5134373927207,51.4981524567521,51.5126196745567,51.5014130640998,51.5170016765395,51.5100396857628,51.5052171606609,51.5088562109181,51.4976747846659,51.4952729295663,51.516698628366,51.5035688371192,51.5142340690152,51.5166040162279,51.5041523339243,51.5128047080014,51.4943894016424,51.4965087031817,51.4930179936447,51.4862313903291,51.5142853298963,51.4932436836996,51.5095696621235,51.5065918235266,51.4976240543266,51.5075200440648,51.4913793645477,51.5047560667005,51.4913072819303,51.4909156171251,51.4884847797389,51.515926667452,51.4979787703753,51.5001516001602,51.5001169939048,51.4890459170441,51.5076854760194,51.4956904386979,51.5129220390903,51.5046482900656,51.5119187712867,51.498445088864,51.4930661875285,51.4875006952733,51.49183012055,51.486786427976,51.5122507913805,51.4987671216703,51.5047639577612,51.510927053494,51.4998133958245,51.5107388098669,51.5086431819529,51.5173150794718,51.5010461788824,51.4997530212652,51.5095917164042,51.4953250580142,51.5119856883701,51.5043921074729,51.5097126867267,51.5037019152296,51.510238051465,51.5047958719505,51.5167982367307,51.5020663323945,51.5160257700254,51.4975011264873,51.4900343381233,51.4962724767259,51.4958626606071,51.4926659045407,51.5018386507049,51.4981153920071,51.5163322461778,51.5121595966326,51.5016289813524,51.4945680471682,51.4880072678406,51.5117621060292,51.5046699091658,51.5144286656715,51.5141249031789,51.5173307958236,51.5068250453458,51.5118001540653,51.5129312035205,51.507953253176,51.4955960356439,51.4976990330998,51.4988285462705,51.4939508423188,51.5133399030337,51.4936347753812,51.496592775617,51.5092018299451,51.5029324506159,51.4940741360467,51.5067684605807,51.5091391711083,51.5064737255889,51.5017331348187,51.5008498258136,51.5032022264886,51.5033508701711,51.4957088944913,51.5122538762072,51.5002763028837,51.5089296530898,51.5036571861694,51.5111490386079,51.5036044510948,51.4927068146399,51.5055529973022,51.5050233026071,51.5127679453367,51.4888172798719,51.5101730062948,51.5051701642151,51.5060504540833,51.4940703461241,51.5056537437367,51.5129231421577,51.5157865530057,51.5124575919464,51.4900123581208,51.4884236753873,51.5133963795433,51.4866796243876,51.4860154529309,51.4989015620632,51.5025697837264,51.5136004277649,51.50729208004,51.4916934593659,51.5065501143449,51.5028295273617,51.505796261088,51.5165581783186,51.4883551175505,51.4980611947443,51.5102113561588,51.5159608087707,51.4919790518993,51.4988232238116,51.4906909394425,51.5009359594264,51.5016379576099,51.5007509565406,51.4920901206683,51.4918556750709,51.5033776606306,51.5000462869201,51.5128717799964,51.5098138021521,51.5160566150476,51.5081606275541,51.4947682616113,51.4897318784949,51.515774272667,51.4993524085872,51.4908597147279,51.5163959188588,51.4971613724788,51.511327538124,51.5117067654292,51.512105790115,51.5130628428875,51.5001740586819,51.5110081562941,51.509979952454,51.5108267464946,51.5051478465907,51.5156837784163,51.4889518561555,51.5143914413912,51.4910986926138,51.4915900138951,51.4920014556142,51.5158773916922,51.4865999021334,51.5031180954074,51.507216131706,51.5085408959975,51.5071100007018,51.5076318726918,51.4856731326669,51.4996383233119,51.5085327220188,51.5018132614754,51.4872737922269,51.5146782049366,51.4930228473542,51.5013720426094,51.5025007957414,51.5170343681251,51.5083491649487,51.5052876292443,51.5050329077133,51.4996634327055,51.5127391116781,51.4942533620232,51.5029140310535,51.5142591399738,51.5073119931902,51.4951207359938,51.5132894547656,51.5148378878279,51.5159439023134,51.4905760475686,51.5027596403289,51.5143983566596,51.5133960662828,51.5046802476059,51.4866990051029,51.4879962697809,51.4929532756814,51.5016952656507,51.5156196010019,51.4982011633766,51.4975933272729,51.4981718918552,51.5118297971777,51.5141077488457,51.4937235779696,51.5078615088921,51.4893018366911,51.5144640505781,51.5058279318139,51.488153913747,51.5081936324303,51.4984368528639,51.5020247975996,51.4980476329652,51.4930249968502,51.4977754227818,51.516861360836,51.5167032764761,51.5118158556963,51.5014082140883,51.4864622519923,51.4989038880598,51.5150492343711,51.4908049125498,51.4868927686761,51.4952892605214,51.5145041811863,51.49593966254,51.5054536544047,51.4975882683331,51.4853493376888,51.4901743232462,51.507726139033,51.509389869309,51.5074907454755,51.4901559252641,51.514500196312,51.5047958836875,51.4938313307489,51.4922136636288,51.4873005731329,51.5030211853692,51.5167659974917,51.493445301553,51.4876574022138,51.5169115919982,51.5020066365354,51.5019946349056,51.507889663196,51.4879942320834,51.496977008043,51.4872120904691,51.4965586800343,51.4909728012164,51.4896519499079,51.4916729179548,51.4909066145597,51.5008393268294,51.5106549631108,51.5065356603515,51.4993772791388,51.48891064481,51.4933378856399,51.494013549908,51.5064927297922,51.5043080288325,51.514886421137,51.4998105639467,51.5145114852996,51.4914579471177,51.4923856740698,51.4869535108474,51.5093197648985,51.5035076384707,51.5128474638477,51.5109037590091,51.490050415094,51.4969195945693,51.4944743654075,51.493183679234,51.4907213877838,51.4929413233783,51.4983738813019,51.4886461372054,51.4980631090367,51.5126656491593,51.4965475921949,51.49584467654,51.4917505786779,51.5134167009198,51.5114309562514,51.515633960504,51.5139099624606,51.4904079052299,51.505622458528,51.4880128544195,51.5038494323248,51.5024828918332,51.4935521340092,51.4922228464031,51.4910815074427,51.5093732716561,51.5020429636876,51.515215147413,51.5002764744458,51.5087767275852,51.5163938113351,51.4920742160953,51.4963116087652,51.5036553279144,51.5087176970389,51.4970570689975,51.5029136056672,51.4883118570608,51.5096354102773,51.500666732705,51.497251278009,51.5032522032761,51.5026860188288,51.4920560773649,51.5000295167892,51.5130823281203,51.5029180313683,51.4894012893523,51.5120289735271,51.4985601083335,51.5114038853511,51.5154298246461,51.5169151649616,51.5120467785256,51.5130883048617,51.5073607122548,51.5117642479322,51.4949522683944,51.4869167826636,51.4923989039026,51.5153811755579,51.4940693088763,51.5143700927203,51.4934166705795,51.5150485525462,51.5128072590616,51.5146242069729,51.4950507499981,51.5114882460294,51.5121329770541,51.5011004014558,51.5143824986753,51.4886217504306,51.5120168615937,51.4909676646764,51.4942073696852,51.5071659231449,51.5022172182352,51.5170135149073,51.5053591592329,51.501703394495,51.5125501333539,51.4912761400197,51.5152069120959,51.5109207304571,51.5086322291784,51.5113264427974,51.5035547945265,51.5171790530506,51.5128089886939,51.4881074138251,51.5150379674931,51.5063761489426,51.5128780761751,51.5123294909241,51.5027253670755,51.4904678911959,51.4899526697273,51.4961056472805,51.5108786818331,51.4900594647454,51.5070073615369,51.4868645674951,51.5065022337576,51.5007480903961,51.5050348796794,51.5085438061172,51.5160095890983,51.5018056949657,51.5121073411027,51.5041850087349,51.4891522361858,51.4994968159634,51.5078372011689,51.4906193187827,51.4856592329705,51.5156419848959,51.5136949509569,51.4890845724357,51.4911541193361,51.4926432369065,51.5105638397366,51.5105253481573,51.5015945849628,51.5057958852625,51.5049421055145,51.5112583703065,51.5147243291291,51.4912407154091,51.4924834550021,51.5047733868907,51.5152830408585,51.5141354805979,51.5147761145394,51.5028298766223,51.5163466633391,51.5012858469308,51.5101457434863,51.5015451666873,51.5152199727995,51.4916468738994,51.512469601188,51.4876503509528,51.5023977739138,51.5115320826558,51.5166857179109,51.4914440069413,51.5129682346662,51.5156675117239,51.502582284067,51.4942256504288,51.4933519720831,51.4886992098671,51.5168961799955,51.4998150953977,51.5046954765535,51.5094997652273,51.493837444308,51.4865805959481,51.5110042475908,51.4948619516712,51.4982394021728,51.4901142086672,51.4923933073337,51.4951956392982,51.4873203517032,51.5075444829151,51.5150375716577,51.5136405066329,51.5123695133296,51.4883858683885,51.4911131228233,51.515678115364,51.4910551251078,51.4964261155234,51.5016306649482,51.5120831339366,51.487764475277,51.5086394703175,51.5030915236539,51.5140359339331,51.4972126504209,51.4889959621383,51.5158010313122,51.5009121975089,51.5155109475075,51.4874078961472,51.5147204635216,51.5132620438945,51.5037310627636,51.4858584346559,51.5055752064341,51.4896931710818,51.5018912446507,51.5099304642315,51.4916928744807,51.4959735143746,51.4908073278003,51.4992008013879,51.5058746009869,51.4990378943116,51.5147131693759,51.5102016737555,51.49459205478,51.492466429734,51.5011424667447,51.5049741063892,51.4909091595147,51.5140886133637,51.4902179721406,51.5046314632332,51.4994931827079,51.510677860488,51.5066111454395,51.5021198436043,51.4991369482333,51.4912425351034,51.5066465074524,51.5141479831943,51.4955405906059,51.4936161371762,51.5141324593378,51.506988684521,51.5050283608828,51.4946300796231,51.4960662599764,51.488567998345,51.4866630348613,51.5160249593161,51.4909102093248,51.5095103779958,51.514394697381,51.4956402075243,51.4961283350515,51.4925870506226,51.513399846288,51.5068610027608,51.5010706978426,51.4908071933448,51.5121533455675,51.5125623308777,51.48980361441,51.4876397285392,51.4928662022493,51.5084419811958,51.5119364516548,51.5159129151148,51.5059589986613,51.503768984928,51.4883150671423,51.4944514568354,51.516025657155,51.4971637545445,51.4996505191107,51.5170759080484,51.5013236875533,51.5099029030254,51.5074132302254,51.5102899538883,51.5149456492745,51.4867655890905,51.5087368507583,51.5062331612951,51.4956870055532,51.5125449864413,51.5155966330463,51.5157225435812,51.5004608966673,51.5056162658346,51.4947039062657,51.4912222696694,51.5166425984403,51.5022448823655,51.5158609528507,51.5037678392934,51.5149306522223,51.4891297350192,51.4942611528558,51.5014545898901,51.5075552753725,51.5089946462986,51.489539805478,51.4917475484799,51.5070642826727,51.5158702938036,51.5046222183079,51.4896249551406,51.5056774892315,51.5019831116901,51.4864867363409,51.5014083978505,51.49161080981,51.4881315909772,51.4940931964845,51.4898182033011,51.5117560001847,51.511227671676,51.5013934405539,51.5030940279205,51.4903077209389,51.4935252721044,51.4875420128223,51.5073748832003,51.5020174485001,51.5091413075762,51.4948106547891,51.5044142490394,51.4923848541659,51.5136720555157,51.4902071475957,51.5148323227078,51.499302031758,51.5020834545465,51.492946914876,51.5093197258178,51.5137975516127,51.4908433320465,51.4914636451588,51.5147791572274,51.4957485898694,51.514927970409,51.5145912152787,51.5106059485077,51.5001574567143,51.5172311426884,51.4882567914583,51.5151173481983,51.513729648926,51.5143949367935,51.492844346317,51.4943122875863,51.5007714600469,51.5078690878433,51.5078726556805,51.5154800792779,51.5097577156311,51.4969735366724,51.5108575508705,51.5051433535029,51.4934965887189,51.4925545543589,51.5127747088808,51.5151652335572,51.5059344653878,51.5000453151497,51.4897813655225,51.487674342757,51.5160811639907,51.4950270723555,51.5014317381305,51.5144920331609,51.509489078228,51.5122901929313,51.4854447605321,51.512158249251,51.496680446216,51.4857802234142,51.487465554876,51.5013264967033,51.4861211541173,51.5031344889885,51.4934674064736,51.5097278110324,51.512031560262,51.495362247802,51.5029330127206,51.5147729234915,51.4955884774059,51.4973780870044,51.4913675432764,51.4935365479035,51.4909305421129,51.5095990400293,51.4996518503658,51.4980714497219,51.5000635156429,51.4923654719521,51.486772361251,51.4966418363188,51.4930229746245,51.513219201488,51.5120604365315,51.5160287648147,51.4991963107459,51.5118314826675,51.4900768618992,51.5160497552726,51.4873163149784,51.4912048346183,51.4990580258104,51.5005318452786,51.5019894862657,51.4985007915993,51.490429830388,51.4995513453118,51.5155127190979,51.5119574373487,51.50929027063,51.4907247478037,51.4938953810121,51.5128979056768,51.5063066227906,51.5114237125394,51.4989777290677,51.496706875741,51.5099943038848,51.513992667252,51.5166060135202,51.5133794893347,51.5115829064302,51.5116185282987,51.5161395223687,51.4978503478434,51.5135715209639,51.4988073493045,51.513059440957,51.4964452949679,51.5052177082901,51.502746232863,51.5026710408512,51.50987238123,51.4863735274551,51.5028621683002,51.5139910470453,51.5142624468932,51.5139993929452,51.4943509715999,51.512962954216,51.4938550700622,51.5009402201122,51.5005222187243,51.494936011952,51.5134780725559,51.5057291598676,51.498925666041,51.5025010201229,51.4884599480557,51.5006699547577,51.5113555076137,51.4881596298242,51.5154545500209,51.5156521917246,51.5145444272506,51.5035899679283,51.5072766501616,51.4967013888692,51.512754887147,51.5062337372313,51.5097321481427,51.4887387859219,51.4924996143932,51.516426622798,51.5067709215416,51.498966434613,51.5014632642343,51.5067879207268,51.4949086287846,51.5006468072048,51.5015346030509,51.5177802110886,51.4999271133345,51.5032622902047,51.5028864300622,51.4889569582851,51.4912754407134,51.5061266972563,51.5013380933069,51.5069649458301,51.4874029813233,51.4852996613586,51.4877751024188,51.5028571100068,51.5061833540515,51.5060672256133,51.5036625827447,51.4879838883674,51.5104305660441,51.5142312320986,51.5117772857116,51.5003979523809,51.4924415254079,51.4878265346555,51.4868822658626,51.4922277121399,51.5165748379677,51.5109806414767,51.5066342020008,51.5130486395168,51.4937569320773,51.5155117947831,51.5144575854371,51.5062758374765,51.5047606403636,51.4892587916378,51.4876715695622,51.4914333277864,51.5080678878668,51.493087704258,51.5133676418166,51.4920484491908,51.5106090539265,51.5122415724236,51.5040398065321,51.5122179310207,51.5052047420455,51.5024191799333,51.487368036151,51.4992693642177,51.4896235928275,51.5099081811408,51.5034814983451,51.4866933276448,51.5072699240984,51.5111453142532,51.5102723773831,51.4970381085283,51.5090179778143,51.5133092701019,51.5001490829441,51.4998885754713,51.5146574553234,51.4936893869796,51.516388249376,51.4963735114471,51.4932722209341,51.5138291448983,51.493283815477,51.508353798649,51.4869931409992,51.5104660500715,51.4914585520704,51.4880884398939,51.513152924068,51.4903617043117,51.4887438918472,51.4970747898608,51.5163833291032,51.5017831306569,51.49002968845,51.4999439330413,51.4860402628184,51.5138489349649,51.5012761032377,51.4949003321839,51.4891910774246,51.5015051779598,51.5156747059522,51.487536234435,51.4965509852763,51.4895445514819,51.4944963549968,51.4977533051883,51.4900514710548,51.4951094692926,51.4986356380893,51.5173935076364,51.5158511185921,51.4882649140833,51.5080480947558,51.4958696253643,51.4947609398344,51.4937082488758,51.4910418908418,51.4875913967548,51.492010225153,51.5114841054884,51.5012016198624,51.4980517360062,51.4979475446602,51.4888380298349,51.5042613319651,51.5115856085519,51.5119370300463,51.4876652342114,51.5097552259306,51.5154359597988,51.4902308809862,51.5007028002112,51.5175110048826,51.5120032343317,51.494363373334,51.4885358585534,51.5027678120595,51.499532449964,51.4966837886583,51.4933755413765,51.5009839381815,51.4971589557799,51.4893966946602,51.5013911538018,51.494119141618,51.5129634024322,51.516965368544,51.4917606019888,51.4888175247408,51.5137926491224,51.5146192202702,51.5044735814959,51.5011503007556,51.5120988109021,51.5103865904854,51.4902097292732,51.4928952695489,51.4873762485841,51.5039597803877,51.4962424598266,51.499149125171,51.4959677491822,51.4949313554132,51.5126109991849,51.4886329275139,51.5010592059342,51.5167715044534,51.5130023159683,51.5012984878426,51.4975521556812,51.5131072669167,51.5023411721224,51.4959882486001,51.4932855696396,51.5158279671156,51.5050570064145,51.488560202801,51.5067853868598,51.4929139578403,51.4979659625062,51.5094133097886,51.4956412963956,51.5152613919724,51.4900044612531,51.5023999417089,51.4854917932124,51.5038717402716,51.4915025456847,51.5145973368455,51.4878071429935,51.5105333505409,51.5087056419704,51.5091132629931,51.4936116975376,51.4989171371851,51.495706669204,51.499891469157,51.5169589973226,51.5145322938492,51.5029968626789,51.4962584030218,51.4990775436922,51.5159124506318,51.5123220965339,51.5021539547265,51.5017074306156,51.4886500308222,51.5025595907018,51.5068659013071,51.4995051775446,51.5071204913267,51.517873750371,51.4973987221506,51.489358515401,51.4886832692449,51.4928298445866,51.5129630088583,51.4904073027337,51.4964788343388,51.4893081890705,51.5155710581942,51.5044905380059,51.5038475940065,51.4896988660432,51.4954998845297,51.4951843336234,51.516647513852,51.5173599840708,51.4913541614119,51.4974441384773,51.4948530979537,51.5031300132216,51.5032183356503,51.5091387421077,51.50294613904,51.4909677989998,51.5109954459624,51.5155215024894,51.5168532514097,51.5054886862134,51.5060219169818,51.4959571075761,51.5120107605782,51.5052160771895,51.499928400087,51.4896120003213,51.5143231164827,51.4971934053421,51.5012738266667,51.4910306025364,51.5131065233974,51.4877026793842,51.5121408868998,51.4926234486751,51.4963138483103,51.5070085502059,51.5077948145027,51.4997124116229,51.5162929888889,51.5038314746123,51.4871654955942,51.5077946609253,51.5066371117962,51.4885451552198,51.4910589519338,51.4867637622635,51.5016613693376,51.4962539188414,51.5089459848205,51.4888378153152,51.4855016418127,51.5094577881026,51.4949319635727,51.4911631670133,51.5112178976125,51.5164272746966,51.5053985699503,51.4966350699053,51.4918012652206,51.5011524446629,51.5114287364862,51.5144499004136,51.5085360627216,51.515759195443,51.5109975546428,51.5166397601775,51.5104519109401,51.5043611335034,51.5013959220863,51.515793970011,51.5110267112279,51.4911708400303,51.4882588708696,51.4887308809916,51.4886392945967,51.4969667995354,51.4937996692198,51.5060907137503,51.495428126453,51.5110665573807,51.5120009965892,51.4934676037414,51.5074976166652,51.5007090353186,51.4948129039267,51.5162512423049,51.5066117878637,51.4882929827459,51.5132256209767,51.5042384365221,51.5015248527629,51.4960431382965,51.4963220903196,51.494212849942,51.495464527938,51.5128394496498,51.5130737337459,51.4993339109491,51.5042291865065,51.489061156444,51.4867380025417,51.4897031676661,51.5009519982713,51.487507238716,51.4882805570855,51.4989189534083,51.5028345194284,51.4965466019308,51.5011578578399,51.5032017761785,51.5012256979283,51.5006606535491,51.5163892751203,51.5168868451321,51.4991239747916,51.5134054334504,51.5066971352032,51.5029323069199,51.4991873959697,51.5119692498742,51.5079342551743,51.5040214463564,51.4871065547171,51.4991711634335,51.5093387389115,51.5147845004032,51.5156006877751,51.5059089767548,51.4964030310554,51.4996723156596,51.5158033820118,51.4888676245146,51.5052194000371,51.4864217667344,51.5102061963125,51.5055920907127,51.5171364171203,51.5058967813149,51.4908455375763,51.4896287014965,51.514304060658,51.4875774977635,51.5168217612164,51.5046382739039,51.4994350541092,51.5046266236874,51.509234077989,51.4936825022479,51.4906810607976,51.5011536755904,51.5170734491631,51.5024374306316,51.5009479317761,51.4995878660367,51.4881112109591,51.48714700203,51.5085283993085,51.5017651646484,51.5079332700478,51.4914823626897,51.5090319662807,51.492633864948,51.5110480216289,51.4877708352116,51.5153998847888,51.4878557721391],[-0.112676626025965,-0.161743931943122,-0.204731601289008,-0.175668463109907,-0.169617783143375,-0.194337418521993,-0.186803399725128,-0.181664827458022,-0.152449377847513,-0.15481743331035,-0.108081464873755,-0.206258837192582,-0.155139742909608,-0.14076032305772,-0.172267007024944,-0.20674760834058,-0.148477313209072,-0.171702702468945,-0.111087938019341,-0.124504810876984,-0.1754637675536,-0.179125386134947,-0.163302487260148,-0.214972009428758,-0.112703110054223,-0.220626718100863,-0.110768571597926,-0.211087436150813,-0.210550846493375,-0.157997374240344,-0.111010693972168,-0.11055790435563,-0.13696884939862,-0.188421400818514,-0.150740191303156,-0.107504846379101,-0.221417204194661,-0.204533570260908,-0.169875340139637,-0.117918441449003,-0.216889073370768,-0.220279444998827,-0.213307719193051,-0.218357931992969,-0.199551890305715,-0.133514577180788,-0.17782262115147,-0.166705501443848,-0.166689037206044,-0.109755995236523,-0.152993826692371,-0.222179518309688,-0.108990954935022,-0.155875577681398,-0.184445068852168,-0.156728930593336,-0.139770608613949,-0.145682156197108,-0.149710417170193,-0.215987306217629,-0.17385824582893,-0.177055073797833,-0.11405021006079,-0.167189405558519,-0.158333605486482,-0.154670167981729,-0.167169011350397,-0.159144768690489,-0.177606604363434,-0.113581677812187,-0.163149008621968,-0.181134256103156,-0.16911364384615,-0.218407324837053,-0.174432315741332,-0.166572676936837,-0.167896145667855,-0.21916448734609,-0.182338497775944,-0.174961158155894,-0.123009711001396,-0.182743367271461,-0.15684366143015,-0.138267842209324,-0.122104351585127,-0.107063709441055,-0.102631910114333,-0.112579767681425,-0.220671405687016,-0.218417652659815,-0.169845281774601,-0.218042961155241,-0.1491936598219,-0.12325131238734,-0.202783777969889,-0.124574127419263,-0.117956048740389,-0.148870715118336,-0.106742208058629,-0.130514159899065,-0.210325274219144,-0.127393560601505,-0.206138349033797,-0.128255682592163,-0.133245931628743,-0.163877481499836,-0.216172379946254,-0.112411722943686,-0.103678140727557,-0.134165096904494,-0.222436148456285,-0.133745657130146,-0.205733481312791,-0.221736095586527,-0.211442654299228,-0.220624776051192,-0.219260252992082,-0.107869082827441,-0.146017763719242,-0.212381172727441,-0.107459170293873,-0.1430479420208,-0.111322805626007,-0.209606878481107,-0.107348720529016,-0.140992712956913,-0.16349773668706,-0.142936696576353,-0.188555243735086,-0.139349521111526,-0.114232859982848,-0.12559487671251,-0.210093740658183,-0.122328820217498,-0.18608162758759,-0.122605306774974,-0.142293894418199,-0.123463961079059,-0.210119194080133,-0.216117435741244,-0.208166653714342,-0.208032639899118,-0.103641990095332,-0.201672149775779,-0.221799338461149,-0.168402343555495,-0.20369608430185,-0.183460902238367,-0.151153701249903,-0.105612409406865,-0.15534846854613,-0.222019487764265,-0.113203449111404,-0.150888432966007,-0.222808206809206,-0.223263633014156,-0.216422599441629,-0.159721041136747,-0.202078336398654,-0.107769825634073,-0.108437958958056,-0.217040515464231,-0.21671754755868,-0.14512010802744,-0.222713055156624,-0.215372380497133,-0.213789731513986,-0.137826666670635,-0.217879922546444,-0.171283562173445,-0.139193344544442,-0.189565954732472,-0.123675245048977,-0.178130048782928,-0.112193246984888,-0.124240188000392,-0.165176907976333,-0.206676550848953,-0.172959805178186,-0.122067256810186,-0.19610342717775,-0.140118220387708,-0.194910028962187,-0.165804019044308,-0.150694306909537,-0.104443483603662,-0.210919881269,-0.154989658522995,-0.157197468506742,-0.10742048236987,-0.133779036952788,-0.211897848786565,-0.218264674219534,-0.128353487041358,-0.21888700837194,-0.121769485743042,-0.13256845427434,-0.125915525640218,-0.1314697547612,-0.135346809659848,-0.171530710083207,-0.136094583072096,-0.198132594162719,-0.19336239664829,-0.128215373191917,-0.178784486030355,-0.175818644195294,-0.131731054798486,-0.135560285893271,-0.219120145465245,-0.103805593905034,-0.105342677768329,-0.173224534585696,-0.109861078205345,-0.197057846603703,-0.113716783292411,-0.177565336148893,-0.111302833145311,-0.122241329546403,-0.11307047991778,-0.218257493294308,-0.195092292667747,-0.111336910137011,-0.101401146152211,-0.120619164468508,-0.116737551924547,-0.103966057556812,-0.125428959213091,-0.119025688153606,-0.128682640122889,-0.173121047123918,-0.221208488765886,-0.135709619511591,-0.111679813877739,-0.21916437354544,-0.142728625698784,-0.113696916023942,-0.13480523440703,-0.195258402295664,-0.135826082315125,-0.219398843450002,-0.190978572247669,-0.108801765271425,-0.10140685595618,-0.107921722262174,-0.21571809334694,-0.122044570369922,-0.209945252711892,-0.195651061498163,-0.181991143015534,-0.169993413795436,-0.179982699074093,-0.10520183273839,-0.129445464460861,-0.104037996449318,-0.171027867253389,-0.170956563733004,-0.108165971795425,-0.157638806561975,-0.177189966778945,-0.176622705290359,-0.119098610608155,-0.167693402630374,-0.172136612387681,-0.220201285141053,-0.107759657589449,-0.115950290521272,-0.217873990230726,-0.136183516827004,-0.215722681675578,-0.139868093069144,-0.158703965878613,-0.117601275437456,-0.203679965798045,-0.175960107548991,-0.116545715711391,-0.199003839625008,-0.164814177878562,-0.117851092252312,-0.215908037611945,-0.194216166745568,-0.176843724127561,-0.220269570639821,-0.130019593576446,-0.177915675904978,-0.183727192848811,-0.125331399047935,-0.106919443248734,-0.148561451201688,-0.158302998977698,-0.140389819992401,-0.170744301552314,-0.115880167970378,-0.128230037509404,-0.173097574632496,-0.126057446679953,-0.127337120164491,-0.114695073112294,-0.220122505031493,-0.158882161486927,-0.212444708648965,-0.21885498199635,-0.154113442576401,-0.123545306253783,-0.21871529634646,-0.105537637869554,-0.130308060601251,-0.220022666011237,-0.215992425294559,-0.188412768408382,-0.154163462112194,-0.106061588208048,-0.203607341111545,-0.203443273709863,-0.133329995230194,-0.177031178601217,-0.111915023192098,-0.120429852043487,-0.133742648757061,-0.167408977836978,-0.187939526952263,-0.12555458419355,-0.18607180051383,-0.111024706748115,-0.220319828891659,-0.119056862914678,-0.110726019175058,-0.217478606139487,-0.223096930327596,-0.124599948117644,-0.116915762398167,-0.154890861248834,-0.112862462395603,-0.214537052951626,-0.116987575908368,-0.155278269198716,-0.119355967827875,-0.164573056082817,-0.114964207051141,-0.217345557075892,-0.14236846119925,-0.141521423733883,-0.176218863529474,-0.193426243307009,-0.165475719866782,-0.119316336031048,-0.217949038937686,-0.141464563682737,-0.111448930838671,-0.170015033127002,-0.157203597389398,-0.110180085011968,-0.131092468279071,-0.110635911737835,-0.108221526391316,-0.11160046060247,-0.115758632840067,-0.219610230202086,-0.168216720375156,-0.192908100977318,-0.134544328548893,-0.200062862280734,-0.138312183880473,-0.128726645753356,-0.169316651522324,-0.208994879613668,-0.218749662117332,-0.2176320414815,-0.164096680364918,-0.132867600351889,-0.107096919787455,-0.185860018245067,-0.140512922803918,-0.104310292620899,-0.216080010309782,-0.14107245177489,-0.21074497181765,-0.120301884357395,-0.167156341668425,-0.218443281259596,-0.158699039506521,-0.212652050932555,-0.107538526874892,-0.175935128063362,-0.210382373738945,-0.210177734544052,-0.138598775245508,-0.128682379503326,-0.139484029619548,-0.11296654891878,-0.12400547878602,-0.110885323427884,-0.110100420066832,-0.177322954758666,-0.223177309727516,-0.111252190256393,-0.218211252116363,-0.141960442062104,-0.159316437566239,-0.119817812203266,-0.179752070352428,-0.193974283469766,-0.129048237224987,-0.115561502277957,-0.109320061652858,-0.125578284976002,-0.110966180916004,-0.211500355973637,-0.194287954001088,-0.22292733507183,-0.117166067695845,-0.135746359305534,-0.18654108369174,-0.110762055608012,-0.142622180994205,-0.110650782152522,-0.131799363127319,-0.128803168979503,-0.188757568528078,-0.132370611585639,-0.122506149572404,-0.14122706848002,-0.149445558475588,-0.212187458656922,-0.219826230978591,-0.111270682758875,-0.16780552787767,-0.217918493434319,-0.127113938406764,-0.131255063654024,-0.213810007416915,-0.134315757881938,-0.193487356509462,-0.107500195972295,-0.167302415343609,-0.216574934343308,-0.156152543847898,-0.158717681149703,-0.10935173986287,-0.17316985087928,-0.211278335676426,-0.217873989382757,-0.167415460456071,-0.107940660676431,-0.17477718171818,-0.145209822129378,-0.193859139342939,-0.185978477959335,-0.169951123776374,-0.110260565891374,-0.121915547713447,-0.121557422768563,-0.186723706369307,-0.216029809166338,-0.112645228048122,-0.169057061500058,-0.150906866632868,-0.167907997022524,-0.209908767935133,-0.19844533483154,-0.141276750711478,-0.143407382468332,-0.101380348348308,-0.119461247883081,-0.111110271066694,-0.126608135210115,-0.194233508367328,-0.167689133891745,-0.1712065635435,-0.177478341349311,-0.163822140493996,-0.168779171638798,-0.20963924217584,-0.173824340722527,-0.110849942839283,-0.128695879723983,-0.110525264212154,-0.130432466640981,-0.137606435165755,-0.107926013187056,-0.119316228175016,-0.139017499808015,-0.118458029789573,-0.163618202130124,-0.146037221076746,-0.129291872600369,-0.184827296872448,-0.103174491204476,-0.177072345949907,-0.12777362287914,-0.10701101949182,-0.116990267245974,-0.12380606216469,-0.175099264720339,-0.161331601241641,-0.194730487769935,-0.177890270322321,-0.131629404678697,-0.145991385847317,-0.191413928397601,-0.129843707998175,-0.220113366234286,-0.166633762299923,-0.110777821747154,-0.107588933265435,-0.11043796055581,-0.221255078812208,-0.142692261210883,-0.189866151084747,-0.155411570566807,-0.116920176038006,-0.216004923292635,-0.131622757419843,-0.106857906457653,-0.139842570279771,-0.17737721271011,-0.102222547703087,-0.170907051003732,-0.21885793918208,-0.1500140987396,-0.142257118214201,-0.213962091410907,-0.137848549243644,-0.16428975240403,-0.166648952237705,-0.118106649784083,-0.12753743653571,-0.141621964272857,-0.110744257465737,-0.175822533148956,-0.141524868699228,-0.138716474592144,-0.110658625797868,-0.209993172052873,-0.161126498052176,-0.12487655007945,-0.17999277137647,-0.195277002274904,-0.172944613556495,-0.141889463855,-0.114801174634343,-0.173159320665874,-0.111183321997324,-0.156301540564213,-0.218237082507847,-0.104496035707492,-0.130607877587302,-0.216021244227154,-0.1674723422247,-0.163140858952543,-0.218399834848186,-0.21441740557462,-0.175470332010081,-0.128847087711237,-0.130966731956121,-0.117837865381911,-0.134690155711789,-0.14121270828934,-0.156820669967929,-0.126406785494924,-0.152568589536386,-0.104806413125556,-0.195014732755261,-0.219766389535813,-0.139389786838679,-0.168556828996308,-0.112146084908197,-0.168216671891652,-0.117880988610106,-0.165459006019631,-0.149426555470956,-0.106241854439385,-0.126911444595972,-0.128022697560823,-0.176850099987714,-0.120707491552966,-0.144020797318811,-0.166630226690929,-0.200626381017715,-0.125934053114764,-0.19510984796505,-0.17377692198132,-0.173898551636769,-0.166711155057793,-0.168325004596172,-0.143374138172336,-0.164469841525689,-0.162134010871626,-0.144132129506156,-0.190868088198006,-0.131074429843143,-0.114704460578512,-0.166852986299407,-0.145078074303556,-0.175043385459624,-0.133287817811966,-0.128053165220596,-0.21763645887162,-0.121859297833748,-0.137099627956521,-0.115626571625026,-0.195225405897345,-0.117809778332718,-0.119904390834715,-0.219063673644053,-0.18950460046755,-0.111259861816918,-0.164500242929904,-0.160151890609678,-0.108707921018183,-0.159690132275512,-0.198250495689694,-0.175856014066549,-0.195392114186443,-0.128919957955027,-0.106959155760083,-0.123376657887544,-0.108463402256427,-0.16680843858452,-0.181871398840602,-0.171025515001485,-0.216678792491039,-0.219097241381181,-0.190168339538952,-0.102508911690583,-0.168221709743749,-0.167177686222227,-0.187130217115255,-0.218879692312794,-0.217968155915327,-0.10778564851672,-0.130871092729311,-0.185418099754924,-0.13884635650021,-0.175890542938309,-0.110897383725796,-0.110721426137317,-0.111241942563852,-0.11827712096991,-0.105196806952666,-0.10776848888655,-0.167642844054757,-0.130780659076657,-0.197660190321559,-0.220848534676608,-0.120725600172576,-0.128544772253953,-0.128033155830154,-0.179670677104957,-0.10696996938061,-0.184532748786446,-0.217182376191845,-0.220795218431003,-0.112348895163033,-0.109197331639916,-0.119007824737554,-0.118999860550696,-0.130533919276947,-0.110877637553761,-0.19406339459276,-0.122060520252215,-0.144358395829491,-0.112319990977678,-0.138245370976519,-0.119777094496135,-0.149353402362719,-0.110351242131995,-0.14634268201592,-0.11801636202704,-0.14378479574343,-0.105839234370191,-0.115237765272021,-0.106707260988532,-0.106501654659826,-0.115649227985434,-0.119310151022289,-0.137681562527834,-0.12185795320924,-0.109947105581831,-0.169391408181449,-0.106028219237359,-0.124124176940681,-0.111408925791072,-0.136063868067322,-0.196786049516542,-0.19487381380658,-0.176890305904802,-0.188525975099295,-0.171492326548075,-0.12434562138479,-0.123088266559714,-0.217936489487298,-0.136801106374919,-0.212158493456198,-0.117372154754996,-0.125024848916678,-0.142618720670415,-0.131709108001765,-0.10969850514379,-0.111409628831582,-0.11836906898086,-0.138586870276421,-0.167163124389157,-0.179057931902872,-0.171015258536864,-0.212611701721588,-0.175716919638377,-0.137274443574639,-0.190511359777078,-0.210451096776651,-0.184121559467681,-0.112498720726963,-0.128498442691263,-0.211653516943853,-0.180502603101103,-0.191067436579384,-0.131353915992791,-0.204014131811224,-0.165038020059071,-0.110425801792914,-0.158347925235854,-0.177537341509508,-0.177145977669593,-0.173313462959953,-0.169414633347439,-0.135083710971581,-0.219824730348852,-0.103710302679695,-0.174204548379328,-0.135339160574898,-0.138331455950983,-0.181805872220188,-0.177462397438139,-0.204679766442532,-0.169293030199504,-0.195886103044964,-0.196232646382783,-0.190901501179948,-0.127312256926518,-0.176203290349597,-0.116265679810839,-0.116900631529689,-0.194899513787717,-0.120107988039639,-0.169449941224094,-0.204855898010468,-0.117974321404262,-0.196332892771946,-0.173293938315587,-0.132130933195297,-0.216156132378116,-0.21291847632573,-0.139828500247724,-0.166365649466984,-0.178333918448998,-0.216132058713641,-0.112855418919619,-0.113309586270703,-0.164216931681231,-0.21045219140639,-0.165515591151435,-0.205281718175553,-0.214219630114036,-0.211990042933319,-0.113314572741779,-0.161041846557083,-0.113034396312606,-0.217756656662792,-0.138961324621778,-0.180541106011631,-0.182825021869002,-0.119234480447985,-0.116224380485121,-0.141234576126765,-0.177113616531447,-0.143012052762434,-0.12610684322256,-0.124372528125228,-0.214995551210834,-0.103649331310425,-0.207966510420706,-0.176502670787172,-0.175897663234398,-0.176114457909644,-0.125210565826034,-0.188967922023166,-0.14014313640815,-0.190613151546102,-0.108553736953283,-0.106117422103811,-0.141473913786031,-0.195061487252494,-0.207601355031688,-0.217779203603042,-0.204359436942676,-0.12041348921931,-0.214223676916715,-0.169526985494561,-0.192412439073907,-0.12877075195271,-0.130234072268607,-0.186011407445123,-0.208997239307888,-0.210844046185646,-0.149350171430631,-0.218492508558733,-0.124663342605347,-0.189388523154661,-0.19447031965052,-0.105661887402141,-0.16881064985241,-0.109080210727403,-0.189774593129255,-0.144846080619263,-0.182363461477926,-0.208234551591549,-0.207326532470278,-0.186538921540329,-0.12139551900439,-0.220737830728643,-0.185433860505959,-0.127799278857522,-0.126263390078079,-0.210140321292372,-0.124288490645543,-0.11100959545321,-0.191061694069231,-0.109884102755437,-0.117546098815747,-0.146645198216733,-0.148497733044043,-0.147619723977592,-0.131009979123073,-0.145367943134295,-0.123599808064178,-0.112634016560424,-0.195404064983368,-0.18000536333913,-0.112011974702623,-0.125581034602707,-0.18437599491317,-0.166775881439822,-0.135879140264446,-0.118548536457317,-0.142407689123211,-0.158738958816029,-0.108012133982712,-0.207307812454792,-0.123411209812742,-0.220256646345135,-0.131287494596917,-0.221387587112907,-0.113162443764308,-0.208741619606277,-0.105673634117644,-0.218444681275168,-0.106402779815456,-0.202623987529444,-0.123771409211915,-0.216737478018682,-0.174440286658602,-0.144675070898872,-0.137607212832848,-0.119693287553363,-0.176267304704901,-0.168405308099139,-0.108373903798422,-0.218641150531046,-0.196043791435087,-0.12300086895147,-0.161310043136446,-0.217036106011797,-0.14240906781357,-0.108361094782576,-0.10713406066197,-0.133957097855739,-0.183646745830882,-0.217656770133877,-0.167587486452099,-0.217969410210181,-0.1313237154884,-0.18648813208396,-0.219309376841642,-0.156120477178382,-0.183932471204977,-0.133828376918148,-0.187095776013421,-0.194121035940846,-0.207097817551749,-0.164641279298497,-0.132072142841846,-0.128826499431899,-0.17122210185435,-0.1708240851919,-0.138433996437704,-0.119697728888979,-0.140305330391143,-0.210883468136424,-0.143372795488672,-0.109613017087935,-0.155215612143166,-0.168666872957893,-0.102111297932466,-0.218243470517103,-0.216990936847115,-0.184054686009467,-0.12698853749059,-0.120613088779893,-0.134635273983354,-0.163073592191489,-0.146960407611597,-0.122332871575555,-0.177640737399589,-0.149985838643555,-0.119521234898204,-0.139620761033366,-0.103183588782106,-0.170649314159252,-0.176368849190149,-0.194667182257652,-0.165716998172587,-0.107047621434089,-0.104701817220906,-0.165589209634932,-0.108069547773434,-0.127976682606848,-0.142251155680656,-0.12085161627871,-0.108503937789468,-0.13886552037059,-0.168385525342219,-0.131115878352417,-0.136519414516313,-0.119596325812072,-0.143468325213229,-0.131554137795551,-0.176083353374043,-0.109502282234667,-0.211946314721368,-0.191568772231923,-0.176843947437851,-0.138594495806223,-0.210453067149831,-0.156081742884928,-0.12712132037269,-0.19896693590093,-0.169495085966682,-0.127200301429447,-0.171671893953888,-0.221110242213899,-0.177313638507286,-0.143824520004766,-0.129265138598206,-0.138336626647495,-0.172902931844443,-0.142632058155561,-0.10503843976221,-0.219532055909602,-0.222057142018085,-0.218405553234935,-0.15704094186124,-0.218165591948897,-0.16730345313498,-0.170851593352346,-0.137936433438409,-0.149157314953918,-0.126439283618659,-0.140792855417455,-0.177947596997293,-0.123514666161431,-0.111866832382804,-0.140014521846177,-0.160080745132016,-0.111144044382997,-0.216599786554702,-0.215374556603678,-0.108881621509753,-0.222739765446611,-0.119004541211877,-0.188286760788672,-0.136953049527131,-0.113198686740628,-0.222734400155708,-0.108614698514538,-0.11217962896478,-0.11307622084607,-0.188107981417952,-0.168124090093026,-0.156564813816741,-0.158761175058622,-0.133047249841793,-0.162214496621951,-0.14103005159851,-0.20482857330725,-0.134723976697765,-0.137974228058228,-0.206671771248881,-0.183406475071061,-0.169029465472344,-0.176684295107974,-0.103619468053699,-0.197017209671555,-0.209563173491042,-0.18857596702691,-0.199736165896261,-0.169584288224045,-0.160688010186419,-0.171863617557062,-0.191527559314158,-0.122833326966865,-0.1113654339207,-0.177769370278059,-0.177150582109476,-0.142035541577635,-0.144834480065467,-0.141789961217741,-0.182371767998727,-0.156922188930072,-0.170643945200998,-0.172184070689281,-0.133688839781236,-0.172985793984609,-0.176296689431224,-0.177641615138384,-0.188002289906412,-0.142580188845899,-0.197883214047058,-0.135217220633036,-0.205735446930746,-0.15812255326158,-0.177815474281726,-0.210800433882222,-0.147482932978546,-0.153217097000005,-0.105539349465016,-0.113324670662208,-0.177576109956661,-0.178052668712728,-0.141867160862342,-0.123263121178165,-0.178421111962453,-0.168064917316768,-0.138898860932764,-0.11049808136284,-0.170175763773238,-0.177020528397886,-0.195895788029991,-0.217093145754548,-0.128586244426878,-0.177650924374575,-0.116150213772142,-0.18938989292522,-0.217771139162365,-0.207218892138492,-0.216065487569092,-0.19026210351537,-0.163219611753799,-0.14363465683897,-0.171181483170414,-0.105564601002401,-0.176820312882431,-0.217155357149607,-0.209904645014802,-0.136662825267158,-0.140542825411871,-0.215980116003664,-0.216305160888353,-0.138663777421836,-0.136320847929789,-0.213282643304424,-0.219278765508598,-0.115568922769217,-0.143720529636439,-0.107145363335013,-0.188650336475503,-0.184127199233921,-0.194904569792697,-0.126883583813369,-0.176839342916515,-0.108086859143892,-0.107362356280105,-0.169688296104774,-0.13973018105131,-0.103358475084558,-0.19192481343412,-0.125856154576965,-0.172813148397371,-0.183755112995623,-0.159308852689276,-0.190147472608775,-0.121447855398567,-0.181584975711448,-0.183861644636717,-0.185557241142547,-0.198217547272881,-0.126711881949499,-0.157888981381025,-0.120815157778837,-0.133872103045076,-0.103831389265828,-0.184674629443293,-0.203305601236172,-0.176243640477667,-0.143031129850332,-0.136410825453427,-0.214364747428209,-0.136537931773787,-0.196311240389097,-0.208882814368542,-0.11962531966085,-0.214778404318519,-0.175997965851959,-0.221810814721048,-0.222723162471974,-0.107740479362044,-0.103525962265195,-0.115222266488962,-0.108304749012826,-0.216305502985882,-0.128219305972869,-0.172478244022006,-0.12495450587498,-0.176142304775668,-0.130844668449035,-0.170166433853729,-0.217118737338537,-0.138059941527061,-0.189785730750902,-0.205182618744899,-0.111673201851115,-0.174061239280976,-0.175330825705046,-0.16212781747173,-0.111770608796539,-0.109160858953895,-0.115972157336958,-0.12380702867461,-0.120128487430556,-0.199547514475375,-0.127596732888879,-0.217822145680165,-0.117540818618089,-0.125147694328919,-0.103731859740116,-0.176284303653484,-0.194847939344222,-0.208957492479734,-0.112207969626782,-0.215642541242693,-0.14112101894138,-0.2099440871324,-0.14051851478132,-0.117222794175327,-0.209119836013768,-0.128607400311386,-0.135152167249443,-0.12930013500062,-0.150089033615684,-0.148190169487733,-0.217398940691877,-0.171474034474164,-0.104809584349973,-0.220233743536517,-0.114184862812769,-0.221054181513203,-0.120171555296203,-0.110829133837886,-0.162561989478042,-0.198305784875745,-0.212877014196895,-0.187867791656686,-0.189079027987011,-0.209991645481115,-0.162089895832572,-0.218446836061155,-0.202258246703243,-0.176756690670414,-0.211422231862834,-0.143353798046175,-0.123237111665098,-0.168503816263858,-0.153796581760425,-0.195367719237931,-0.159464652269131,-0.205397556368394,-0.220376899519933,-0.118648882783661,-0.216825885666344,-0.139147273519451,-0.122192185459055,-0.112756536063539,-0.127309053548086,-0.175333883708037,-0.18324042798328,-0.117881195958648,-0.128047530527791,-0.147755356810521,-0.140374334021542,-0.211010507849541,-0.15661036148514,-0.122536762059439,-0.144090413430521,-0.179731120184474,-0.142948371975366,-0.215140743336476,-0.179101052624533,-0.176459018062465,-0.114161188941734,-0.111258922312103,-0.222218951919075,-0.177005974062163,-0.169748529571764,-0.134319867532643,-0.110511446956346,-0.205756998803837,-0.17327054103783,-0.12315883687431,-0.106218546041163,-0.111054778090669,-0.185544245402267,-0.178913347037919,-0.125954493605966,-0.177997757057091,-0.139790885983052,-0.217767958140876,-0.214721542437723,-0.17676351768001,-0.172438457694488,-0.135883005472476,-0.195356358940983,-0.110540423613951,-0.112228016999584,-0.119631025964163,-0.212748014093183,-0.116651819780642,-0.146640429477297,-0.123682779393487,-0.13641760802835,-0.216826372736856,-0.138448849443285,-0.17822223644577,-0.135823296948504,-0.175834931143291,-0.145219291761439,-0.216699671422621,-0.171593833115349,-0.172002332928183,-0.181937131011739,-0.219156402717343,-0.172595657455899,-0.208479591258598,-0.10484031684454,-0.217491943133069,-0.126053185348121,-0.118941542155072,-0.180992231007617,-0.187450931176567,-0.221420639010644,-0.215913629587345,-0.215988285529181,-0.124307370668367,-0.141792561812086,-0.137883587087847,-0.140219336775104,-0.218690964586977,-0.115994045276275,-0.118449924743863,-0.162964351017784,-0.178177330207462,-0.170128493212586,-0.131003070444431,-0.171897974386975,-0.136526480793668,-0.114733897694159,-0.172186918588007,-0.221286079203555,-0.214838268012891,-0.114647740431225,-0.217109057654418,-0.215707062787808,-0.105736115715459,-0.200036371872487,-0.17510979000493,-0.124256280071834,-0.107664357073499,-0.105963372498278,-0.209587655631216,-0.174254756494287,-0.139194960450072,-0.222975349288205,-0.123209394930579,-0.175967980319366,-0.204218009545229,-0.106037825751923,-0.11476187419288,-0.106324909562396,-0.217348151810989,-0.193932887533361,-0.216546201339107,-0.21746329710437,-0.190955276385497,-0.219904256673718,-0.192989628086712,-0.209841566611402,-0.18528920989209,-0.196652763363292,-0.21940140450996,-0.142590039154096,-0.108093849485291,-0.196964684243387,-0.137534760556625,-0.210734109445272,-0.197111728114897,-0.223391797039675,-0.216125333043873,-0.171190412547521,-0.219392068782195,-0.176528757900363,-0.218493839021018,-0.214010996373815,-0.195049008683154,-0.206798546714989,-0.142174660773894,-0.177288795240587,-0.125148898624439,-0.201032631722681,-0.174873525446609,-0.143195056262191,-0.125674116758598,-0.178321637532817,-0.145261491706101,-0.178179403847925,-0.195770347045664,-0.219829846678765,-0.107381056541905,-0.136698107394611,-0.176957146293975,-0.223395427130848,-0.222895026396783,-0.125722526089765,-0.162948368926683,-0.119152271684643,-0.173518934818568,-0.220253017914247,-0.205417166127039,-0.164315236386498,-0.218605895869199,-0.218348088205749,-0.206103152999021,-0.129507015829291,-0.21769818017911,-0.219626007943179,-0.122509919952778,-0.218057973646985,-0.221910988148823,-0.134101033767311,-0.220080585967226,-0.121047743725361,-0.114889607041577,-0.134927631602149,-0.17650791058097,-0.215568965289243,-0.216635750804819,-0.214678074346421,-0.176463858730989,-0.129370360690065,-0.107670953264957,-0.115923174546044,-0.110759238096572,-0.182504082293782,-0.154064783392617,-0.190437329323189,-0.170310819342177,-0.121088785496516,-0.111719131623894,-0.219133535470346,-0.12590602125244,-0.219074781679081,-0.133955718101649,-0.144447897957951,-0.219621182306748,-0.192130912950339,-0.120669016529316,-0.17235685775329,-0.153646714223912,-0.130431195870867,-0.217433674422091,-0.103388090590807,-0.217279962075841,-0.126168766961668,-0.176821380437249,-0.135381876827702,-0.219869869730514,-0.139683394580832,-0.107068544456184,-0.126012325038735,-0.1349328722688,-0.138706357203756,-0.204581374945447,-0.107866008833315,-0.11256574742802,-0.13269588266558,-0.164282697447389,-0.211643036424091,-0.163180439998887,-0.110295502541523,-0.10297627062388,-0.185730866523398,-0.134704314127583,-0.220786854829988,-0.172731360571809,-0.186404530780658,-0.11683309929896,-0.166028810429152,-0.217629765330113,-0.2233213221329,-0.218157615366623,-0.215446276366211,-0.211361422671704,-0.134531681229379,-0.175745023202078,-0.16573301093526,-0.111103415444527,-0.198060348762684,-0.221451684031928,-0.208676234353876,-0.16947350479353,-0.103934750284994,-0.186942147455195,-0.220911376662845,-0.209562966241244,-0.179495415185105,-0.205415361677071,-0.196400041282896,-0.133360231221946,-0.186448710602045,-0.108216496394711,-0.186467917791236,-0.15359629173824,-0.104301497541329,-0.20831487388061,-0.149250223192642,-0.118236331390658,-0.121355999662584,-0.220992015396647,-0.221865679225396,-0.130188686856184,-0.190012149817739,-0.177344148181139,-0.205005693489399,-0.12141876516361,-0.222323688085428,-0.21492416774727,-0.196098286277751,-0.12390566067102,-0.116581829592198,-0.211509651254322,-0.223328149135901,-0.110245424273949,-0.148273222147532,-0.118003682173824,-0.107317264146838,-0.139811614437977,-0.20325982346781,-0.154877511301644,-0.194633475162938,-0.17712914987161,-0.162058896127842,-0.121814647536622,-0.217634654843658,-0.139257983094033,-0.177789494368007,-0.113008851397337,-0.220296734814297,-0.159290428164398,-0.22297878546642,-0.134015882864732,-0.173097298924742,-0.105044018117005,-0.173606770437269,-0.208191791130804,-0.110726157826075,-0.217433744158827,-0.106790086426923,-0.142602434512138,-0.169416893409988,-0.115435866964303,-0.10479169804075,-0.204372349456999,-0.123064561986871,-0.137127639267549,-0.115992963804012,-0.126258564736813,-0.133331484560402,-0.109504717972148,-0.186766659915715,-0.135462829912735,-0.140229333347339,-0.222520328793885,-0.188041901056224,-0.111439796210559,-0.154226345794035,-0.140745792438844,-0.109455330224466,-0.176794170712018,-0.145041676668169,-0.139110917511521,-0.209494344365554,-0.133852639193757,-0.156755152337072,-0.121844835753126,-0.194884828572091,-0.214287637674918,-0.139254933866844,-0.17066059739604,-0.187054351686293,-0.2168316839188,-0.216325177901369,-0.217396132563207,-0.108248338497767,-0.109657548412671,-0.177339374672614,-0.10571601912548,-0.123222215035275,-0.101945485692691,-0.178055028552976,-0.134385163221138,-0.174583905630585,-0.122809159499262,-0.139124661998482,-0.209451162506843,-0.203200361465992,-0.106511518730331,-0.175814481848981,-0.219491608395197,-0.106144630664216,-0.164370663109124,-0.113054293022227,-0.121229622693775,-0.128115969990423,-0.156989829929529,-0.111853469991883,-0.204850351474877,-0.178246138281181,-0.134639355749797,-0.180294056865256,-0.144538684384054,-0.105946954307795,-0.210740729657475,-0.13990620280616,-0.20078700753158,-0.135574775453165,-0.213679558313115,-0.185642451414729,-0.109920579204094,-0.218200987944495,-0.218193732835297,-0.171075484556336,-0.108110591593955,-0.134620363992466,-0.220253192502363,-0.139954093321104,-0.101359641961766,-0.119152046926994,-0.128779309221361,-0.139982695401279,-0.121093411084307,-0.17897634464455,-0.144719044899566,-0.113405785287805,-0.120871424556753,-0.215196985841868,-0.176351034120554,-0.135069707122039,-0.135320316270987,-0.222309517701814,-0.120698350026947,-0.133419053124463,-0.122183416300837,-0.16786751289757,-0.149979352762738,-0.140975247295778,-0.123198208794126,-0.21825398938166,-0.109647218819233,-0.182169555233195,-0.20999923511293,-0.152565469137071,-0.104846688722622,-0.176896794863408,-0.113766787116436,-0.176458521825159,-0.210259449651362,-0.128252382757524,-0.20956517687767,-0.104133819556225,-0.159429924265046,-0.107469219949432,-0.108928653320884,-0.219496703434581,-0.125380539056394,-0.118043057337347,-0.197017487734459,-0.216117384814065,-0.203598052123485,-0.137313706494134,-0.11465861364218,-0.145678943150097,-0.219816150351971,-0.175536371565999,-0.169517800778316,-0.137243657947896,-0.19375296030348,-0.132797471605584,-0.123532399208449,-0.191318727709081,-0.209680419642054,-0.173296596702119,-0.163218071804203,-0.146525830976224,-0.138314295657182,-0.110022025544534,-0.10924373964555,-0.141989456016265,-0.176266489365501,-0.146861804575762,-0.16881729812194,-0.141701904788218,-0.111523517075451,-0.222731610181073,-0.207627624884849,-0.182922989230331,-0.117211561872054,-0.146654328699734,-0.194243900277333,-0.177471270354595,-0.162177471179496,-0.117799259227257,-0.173601309703989,-0.18472089706148,-0.209283717453625,-0.161107534455769,-0.201676968112208,-0.156213633904804,-0.112792787777063,-0.112937270568484,-0.18956404318955,-0.134782043680774,-0.118926131579176,-0.177496574586816,-0.127287964903485,-0.17193089641319,-0.142389475467173,-0.146860563698914,-0.133187843905399,-0.17785476590869,-0.109585755926028,-0.198681154077932,-0.1347214821763,-0.173079503734481,-0.124162281248996,-0.190777159476258,-0.107355915937569,-0.111242753585627,-0.110491896449415,-0.219941375511231,-0.115734645466076,-0.110135060405802,-0.119087535293764,-0.133065156591181,-0.112482882285524,-0.125900932285355,-0.115965348992907,-0.117422483697012,-0.133033711018279,-0.112779304449903,-0.113310101948014,-0.110424785400499,-0.117218186763301,-0.109425217988621,-0.11169202871199,-0.180865977758504,-0.170928963205172,-0.112562119494459,-0.128742413933134,-0.214033583252603,-0.136717290254772,-0.118010715366941,-0.217070807624575,-0.125789071821809,-0.21878975758259,-0.106966218326159,-0.104002086789036,-0.107716880013525,-0.221554027060114,-0.135796087722655,-0.120192920583509,-0.220269713426996,-0.146521664401725,-0.129561739635503,-0.139258513376134,-0.134558243557688,-0.168947081953429,-0.217613009819068,-0.17711002437178,-0.148183993053699,-0.108905570700357,-0.157447955136921,-0.138391343959391,-0.113330701281337,-0.125046878851414,-0.127787388244478,-0.122983766849749,-0.172269397114521,-0.157854926279446,-0.175362909230797,-0.106969966440924,-0.16831810332616,-0.196744094911266,-0.102410603028269,-0.221912434037985,-0.10379410250915,-0.176392070956659,-0.120724640488766,-0.105323299044419,-0.132179054322887,-0.132863567546206,-0.220049279169846,-0.117668954050483,-0.137247175236462,-0.221170523339069,-0.130876662511878,-0.144066600115536,-0.217134482904769,-0.103069728472644,-0.123558207814047,-0.137105165747616,-0.171938835401231,-0.2203203793936,-0.143362383158328,-0.142460853639148,-0.103276546747113,-0.119131604280591,-0.178229512624983,-0.120301545109509,-0.113579918595299,-0.216762064786594,-0.219865315466186,-0.177369204284478,-0.15697703221575,-0.137973456293486,-0.178562050333653,-0.159789176539319,-0.133482283736868,-0.117650255987598,-0.177448228545014,-0.217370935343383,-0.132080828747435,-0.216071255037021,-0.133606394604009,-0.107677200002886,-0.106373216467872,-0.176838969613856,-0.21985506091872,-0.175482288032202,-0.104780997039517,-0.111209067876277,-0.121891663349044,-0.209960254746154,-0.124452779799072,-0.174162631277341,-0.140211742766555,-0.209904801211797,-0.118469314238759,-0.122454412446721,-0.111780916123662,-0.218575041788163,-0.184478743913369,-0.177455682271523,-0.178326352935277,-0.122417248861676,-0.139218243640667,-0.197226884096093,-0.218691621234871,-0.11024898711854,-0.213164616339322,-0.105061878425876,-0.169602836687222,-0.188426048934199,-0.105199510768158,-0.118881950673157,-0.214518202955974,-0.166794433578292,-0.136881093083926,-0.12766988277187,-0.111192658599636,-0.177983110710876,-0.138578283558538,-0.171130659562001,-0.113722223465599,-0.175654095522055,-0.111947346775239,-0.131210736543929,-0.22129377402704,-0.151001108184708,-0.131290237296572,-0.147197993887853,-0.196561672454361,-0.186451833542705,-0.179041575497707,-0.175797199421955,-0.114087124683863,-0.160775235607743,-0.220973985475082,-0.118104321097894,-0.177521558885628,-0.179428723563135,-0.113016614135932,-0.178923492793685,-0.151673991304686,-0.176439294836614,-0.175309765003985,-0.11492054521266,-0.156878095755601,-0.119282794205042,-0.127811248700975,-0.139234649131091,-0.123884988374723,-0.152320219074257,-0.110435640999572,-0.18641141232641,-0.176668619382326,-0.133480438326195,-0.12038476295564,-0.107672477322876,-0.102658319063174,-0.104403789221385,-0.182474890198331,-0.110084921295732,-0.110723682308137,-0.117197027069943,-0.121327734922567,-0.148260814477164,-0.134810671876404,-0.218757704009607,-0.133665882909637,-0.151750944504205,-0.175331507555071,-0.17935971442749,-0.114179087800259,-0.109354967408571,-0.18223838981468,-0.168934728263786,-0.168018779683301,-0.218237313273594,-0.211137735664146,-0.122635384282609,-0.120554755501635,-0.19270666019401,-0.107073634414453,-0.108802215498902,-0.16483254060977,-0.107975023741767,-0.109964422075056,-0.20772670864124,-0.115866405423908,-0.165744835930511,-0.185686202360336,-0.165335535696823,-0.140988298465572,-0.127743360295849,-0.176144738497382,-0.18119679223018,-0.12940478307455,-0.190082586248128,-0.126054217594763,-0.187587875890447,-0.124376714189259,-0.188160478982665,-0.168993792591957,-0.166850477859985,-0.169377999162957,-0.135505974331062,-0.128088781515235,-0.17575976179623,-0.140657369272882,-0.193063326540317,-0.164899581228301,-0.140340955601843,-0.166617261860661,-0.127643280918775,-0.138694303242611,-0.11917255549228,-0.176071618937386,-0.132262042748049,-0.106874342601908,-0.136365435507866,-0.111804176840033,-0.113866187337289,-0.161600103473274,-0.128123247514715,-0.125456659848498,-0.118112738731213,-0.176928466750672,-0.213792760327894,-0.168122899021629,-0.11905672096297,-0.212837388870074,-0.137754381566558,-0.125824456751186,-0.125376307033934,-0.206897822713615,-0.12322785558133,-0.137826745009271,-0.21872219275202,-0.118077394579714,-0.176790369215349,-0.157534667268794,-0.139850540813705,-0.145105993771348,-0.155263742740387,-0.176799804348337,-0.19481421539527,-0.123189381295372,-0.143550691322189,-0.122147738781674,-0.135689820852429,-0.110173320447864,-0.134357504625302,-0.218437492050461,-0.170842910780529,-0.126148794409748,-0.173842352148918,-0.16923833069429,-0.113196831119684,-0.146143856369039,-0.12198318984122,-0.12339254585937,-0.217524268904466,-0.133039508338321,-0.122977476138804,-0.153167920600094,-0.112031880365606,-0.216328781211521,-0.123994623796679,-0.124431965131009,-0.112374988846514,-0.111013224112162,-0.16094003630586,-0.160320523714211,-0.1153820342675,-0.10221896943371,-0.22153001167905,-0.175689856883036,-0.127105243599117,-0.120704534291571,-0.176044993297713,-0.175814646637896,-0.216277641205337,-0.110424468623079,-0.196430259084374,-0.171445041993249,-0.197365004157085,-0.186898097943097,-0.123692954763113,-0.118831247611752,-0.214645246460328,-0.156226840700038,-0.223363270109659,-0.133520492218833,-0.115469804966316,-0.163776885297133,-0.161407411672996,-0.155028150071355,-0.134686633709092,-0.112484378359979,-0.198324697683329,-0.118493122412579,-0.120124314958272,-0.139970040295012,-0.104301746744325,-0.131545817290535,-0.192695252405794,-0.105645356005419,-0.120987302556211,-0.139457814774968,-0.110876164074555,-0.217198069933698,-0.218914810745589,-0.210091448753411,-0.19417751801407,-0.109391200547321,-0.119036933996428,-0.202373205748061,-0.131619222147822,-0.213809656905415,-0.161398732522324,-0.109007053880544,-0.17500651611585,-0.122568485210603,-0.219630855854673,-0.197506065891892,-0.14706200195843,-0.193134489451103,-0.220516001245085,-0.117801825987775,-0.111473926016862,-0.139431313658599,-0.125753477431316,-0.134419177635295,-0.178784777679251,-0.131107826212836,-0.168020054330492,-0.177783678193009,-0.166449235703692,-0.141178192440085,-0.132364622163003,-0.166720895969916,-0.159682099940058,-0.156077459644398,-0.180613884336079,-0.184403207181273,-0.135406240359493,-0.108774247406216,-0.170059178831711,-0.146932512144502,-0.178907496881431,-0.204386524906222,-0.133225075708456,-0.176671625227466,-0.123787954767112,-0.111234449103974,-0.17690536854526,-0.175900053647729,-0.220649841339111,-0.103445365510195,-0.160506273541646,-0.222638024710037,-0.154328504472183,-0.21226552753083,-0.11624333317223,-0.205259727720516,-0.138792425951282,-0.143807833213562,-0.147693706634816,-0.126260168388754,-0.166798824652007,-0.175784300090875,-0.22356744227723,-0.19733595271509,-0.148701183938317,-0.157381288116964,-0.141586547823926,-0.116859682019744,-0.122114456388909,-0.138187196543256,-0.118443364438312,-0.20707260802298,-0.126001840908432,-0.142989409052933,-0.16558292444915,-0.168741369372424,-0.130978067873519,-0.136391730482552,-0.163196540407414,-0.195793317773163,-0.174047156733742,-0.136971926265188,-0.139206469348691,-0.168420062534885,-0.125974008883514,-0.175982261733515,-0.110411257537581,-0.163317565426361,-0.131310477177043,-0.216170307558501,-0.150695533360049,-0.175724622790396,-0.216108776059201,-0.169444120821733,-0.127146486434761,-0.12423721300612,-0.12063343483766,-0.215770593089716,-0.208159965715528,-0.153239162771553,-0.208111338142714,-0.174070839827914,-0.137717626898799,-0.131205449596055,-0.148737452461874,-0.171755797034759,-0.19147969979121,-0.131157170020754,-0.107215140905662,-0.215292622989748,-0.118557167036822,-0.111339348749362,-0.205533420392087,-0.133676767284509,-0.111730024513371,-0.141778786930908,-0.165445795350371,-0.154389767073799,-0.114448210994206,-0.215855251665251,-0.109160275168188,-0.191341187803688,-0.195153511448996,-0.143593439593129,-0.117242904179744,-0.131475055538999,-0.111657699803416,-0.109308002326066,-0.188112614944536,-0.112873958474757,-0.185203314665794,-0.185242848701676,-0.201391868645331,-0.128637148262048,-0.16983510910186,-0.112133130812321,-0.215108452679716,-0.113167479742054,-0.10941931638911,-0.155869811636738,-0.144307827744503,-0.209866331621647,-0.111893258474801,-0.220153385146281,-0.158080708051205,-0.10949231149495,-0.110702218849516,-0.110791535122612,-0.155597259107307,-0.186636366730342,-0.111167073740192,-0.207843935057055,-0.177272663582342,-0.211709411731103,-0.109264215266857,-0.139297228771128,-0.192642565127451,-0.123352695555001,-0.11206222981756,-0.179225162603186,-0.208199421842435,-0.17637622023643,-0.109174790338673,-0.177938700708495,-0.194290697832828,-0.11074198222643,-0.125159255855646,-0.126148616956169,-0.176928548210964,-0.1280832151468,-0.149079224027619,-0.12024959509079,-0.127950548311906,-0.142570932852194,-0.215742040406574,-0.113056796263238,-0.142071200488904,-0.109827924077183,-0.110146323873749,-0.142050022703039,-0.195323825056653,-0.206054094115384,-0.109987308348205,-0.135401294698158,-0.111372526953962,-0.129884476157704,-0.135577771518726,-0.144270356343696,-0.170805827553084,-0.136978995113721,-0.216616411906844,-0.210076471736345,-0.177325769387588,-0.126261494021632,-0.149111719901266,-0.177578346760608,-0.113364895558251,-0.1376770338438,-0.215611753060915,-0.168327142828751,-0.203228479834257,-0.155147425153414,-0.135046538647925,-0.205384310129702,-0.172874586281713,-0.149134728251524,-0.135989423746711,-0.107631525097311,-0.214067184007095,-0.205857526951369,-0.111717262763279,-0.157103418594241,-0.221902848203916,-0.151183901849167,-0.222246299111577,-0.141527256932616,-0.150721552030809,-0.16419284885411,-0.132535244337337,-0.172941167422386,-0.102268779510528,-0.185889330457915,-0.156671562354418,-0.18021585566132,-0.217319256821381,-0.170935136779375,-0.163077278489294,-0.120126693876902,-0.217833731523713,-0.149853972843615,-0.112017488281509,-0.141568997600509,-0.167749619987003,-0.168548571990479,-0.141089427247923,-0.173880122041024,-0.110278149907537,-0.106887913364468,-0.147846927111812,-0.111217443286242,-0.107173247175425,-0.111107143997274,-0.109729850991689,-0.10918194099056,-0.115695284977965,-0.190627555502547,-0.133246511106063,-0.124965090246335,-0.149607497047529,-0.125246889516801,-0.111427777571404,-0.130160578264747,-0.118077380056102,-0.106406519695848,-0.21196038851776,-0.175127005410803,-0.220702186824538,-0.108430818245709,-0.125889081455814,-0.175279146291746,-0.13731832758487,-0.109121559847124,-0.198350612166539,-0.151692427279787,-0.145103492550023,-0.142361083024051,-0.143254224475401,-0.109347089669891,-0.222366046062691,-0.177792021489462,-0.192677179106593,-0.177707062335359,-0.17463188807844,-0.169856199455848,-0.113743079782231,-0.10333115974083,-0.132593357742028,-0.185937683535265,-0.121856084547913,-0.177672822596347,-0.109168590255374,-0.111055523909688,-0.111956839049295,-0.110857095960122,-0.192166141109031,-0.210394161080245,-0.153185538593493,-0.149185763701692,-0.19171482983003,-0.214190999965208,-0.114077793428199,-0.188051079627408,-0.108483715914337,-0.154500579782439,-0.219378285659941,-0.176887483529441,-0.183827728429914,-0.204413673377993,-0.190183470547684,-0.142358824018294,-0.104371829672394,-0.104004760086088,-0.202846280407498,-0.218573352382185,-0.118473286123864,-0.108782687392063,-0.189676403738718,-0.133557579627886,-0.176529728690801,-0.106142257725785,-0.202322941431733,-0.17929228820671,-0.154402996400747,-0.105876733188201,-0.137206353380371,-0.121423974340355,-0.223047687025961,-0.217439380463954,-0.113371440046487,-0.137942843656134,-0.127757112294834,-0.167343620458294,-0.177411920477629,-0.174952012738926,-0.217037478115687,-0.186838252122451,-0.125190930000436,-0.13020846430775,-0.143785461573731,-0.104682144195436,-0.125689230165167,-0.11319806515236,-0.178763487987597,-0.144541387975635,-0.198448762822688,-0.103643807403173,-0.191668063488325,-0.111445420134407,-0.123740886178134,-0.152436991151333,-0.186247925687142,-0.155768520083848,-0.116220773427602,-0.218629061335871,-0.217155088202296,-0.223714285464166,-0.221202366004715,-0.148315051333522,-0.190601600064227,-0.121629950580444,-0.113089524834683,-0.111757244132053,-0.216065952117285,-0.114610233401181,-0.135265015781378,-0.169041348415593,-0.17373877605886,-0.182664960933346,-0.178194667064577,-0.150315634791944,-0.186723312863573,-0.138934239642017,-0.10556908387685,-0.168945365003278,-0.172484797706164,-0.207856021308077,-0.138790743708985,-0.125589206748752,-0.141254317672556,-0.110896526512025,-0.179507307634369,-0.135279063097293,-0.136808755085081,-0.157100577107413,-0.134761248669414,-0.190588504019538,-0.136783115802309,-0.123888845199151,-0.1201158243495,-0.139796494585566,-0.144818799993437,-0.123739208019363,-0.196070072946936,-0.201436649361376,-0.166312873608738,-0.1292532568468,-0.112945261499688,-0.183199457488934,-0.190875534432853,-0.188580919336107,-0.113848621130476,-0.192182951994492,-0.145434461438183,-0.104882902356707,-0.112112018241348,-0.223380963432603,-0.16583328982202,-0.111514093479874,-0.188633347208364,-0.139151176415665,-0.130420862089269,-0.194174013384141,-0.186073303480571,-0.177175199428333,-0.21563962448982,-0.217664981593143,-0.125564783518555,-0.156389292932564,-0.137308611320348,-0.103704845746789,-0.124676335241836,-0.220366926256565,-0.209067495646462,-0.195619159867683,-0.154689368157791,-0.191129426413644,-0.186996430803139,-0.11314614034168,-0.223405728311032,-0.216199687957242,-0.145368995246334,-0.138580520594353,-0.122303797195109,-0.165451376376359,-0.168390072799895,-0.172309356079217,-0.175715503601857,-0.183407819640553,-0.13044230274787,-0.133136615834869,-0.215879689951925,-0.189267926810408,-0.10747462444987,-0.217061525881322,-0.217112738891471,-0.1784785761116,-0.125971070219073,-0.167047939294174,-0.181378901969722,-0.219742571739478,-0.120507180914093,-0.142925262949301,-0.135968191579903,-0.14003860715122,-0.103017167226406,-0.155226555641143,-0.220007451784795,-0.126596965479055,-0.129144781083208,-0.192381354753124,-0.12081736995027,-0.163290586908158,-0.195446719461733,-0.19303763165698,-0.208278243142745,-0.166442757619286,-0.156287607793566,-0.180083107155759,-0.106243759271184,-0.161136188459208,-0.142748692886094,-0.138155861334531,-0.187454542599421,-0.106704365513857,-0.149271462973183,-0.127677663242422,-0.203027336479863,-0.120451650393149,-0.125509661290921,-0.210618354498653,-0.203661266176961,-0.189992522626199,-0.123261275700428,-0.215650709944336,-0.128111857602561,-0.139085711897228,-0.217916212607607,-0.149053470715091,-0.218929471727606,-0.118106029626625,-0.212735108713321,-0.12217143785888,-0.191068149592904,-0.143626372278757,-0.140628400181551,-0.133318113156127,-0.123194697169464,-0.199671130305721,-0.107705000546258,-0.108529055877443,-0.170773928789333,-0.112627815023564,-0.157074146964341,-0.18573054619647,-0.197213907972347,-0.139786498745268,-0.126750731236303,-0.123082551388949,-0.218956107920267,-0.119623635783602,-0.130673803814096,-0.170238291620001,-0.207759895161493,-0.109732226729685,-0.141722363393027,-0.142158784795158,-0.141066960096756,-0.180651534054125,-0.131060797358297,-0.111955257892642,-0.112616715705987,-0.110680711408939,-0.194687351571633,-0.15627316930644,-0.125114630955899,-0.185000786094168,-0.168432362592222,-0.10398150999557,-0.215593395874659,-0.182963986588903,-0.207068576456109,-0.16960895967361,-0.112548480814824,-0.138139168509571,-0.13887540049425,-0.140503081819015,-0.177083443542508,-0.111206753212294,-0.147438767993925,-0.219372070072187,-0.158945472191304,-0.174511278489752,-0.216251594676465,-0.157328286395745,-0.177671288880279,-0.215950878083672,-0.159149720244758,-0.202518558813022,-0.11315168199827,-0.164638413428722,-0.209658679918852,-0.117723287235424,-0.158367715084458,-0.202462207372783,-0.142939537059449,-0.113497362833004,-0.120711023274718,-0.138686053346735,-0.122769575233053,-0.109126432197845,-0.1630132169578,-0.219873894746082,-0.199737548866436,-0.110435602376126,-0.136785314323805,-0.222383904599369,-0.11939317083496,-0.113181491099764,-0.104726641602138,-0.218768992514294,-0.195882740832252,-0.145655191647241,-0.106199396927558,-0.178055974205716,-0.103918519868644,-0.212890175227489,-0.152256647607347,-0.113469533432946,-0.112826340136152,-0.119726887231028,-0.141033835709581,-0.208167253824923,-0.119595555960642,-0.125555637570064,-0.146070691864561,-0.117929548234364,-0.175328290655138,-0.121079084042879,-0.202624156050161,-0.128943557701672,-0.121944574010922,-0.193529038583523,-0.135372526543228,-0.170416236409767,-0.162898841537159,-0.112203943411034,-0.176302362213064,-0.216802337626172,-0.175487888414077,-0.112960164140245,-0.183726030036815,-0.194902212770792,-0.156744433327399,-0.211485481267402,-0.158042871549234,-0.162118602815071,-0.222515344970586,-0.121028137639208,-0.213268648045242,-0.193837707833188,-0.155722693216084,-0.120204499408113,-0.186682138806921,-0.125262612192821,-0.119624294636805,-0.177869864018582,-0.206952726693746,-0.13948223664101,-0.15748743081687,-0.178173303718206,-0.126199227262763,-0.175625021713683,-0.132684666811461,-0.132742448429085,-0.127494712542308,-0.121962577431118,-0.141384928718816,-0.130962952004027,-0.129773880722936,-0.144092433970058,-0.176752986317338,-0.167269377851501,-0.146034909716025,-0.222734889156396,-0.128102579735385,-0.133721299540477,-0.157051369036298,-0.116998040100785,-0.106178012705985,-0.213079196624758,-0.20723817872823,-0.126682549202338,-0.19684721472406,-0.110260048192985,-0.111107686232369,-0.128825463832479,-0.163159496811716,-0.109302527739959,-0.157286450797668,-0.108834638837509,-0.162810535663726,-0.161626817239946,-0.105937449520795,-0.105938106818741,-0.195414055148857,-0.111577944154186,-0.120216998645654,-0.190724345704725,-0.208179523167748,-0.140187672541196,-0.149097571055846,-0.17292985786486,-0.122512862994699,-0.177846512037655,-0.189377657760836,-0.20976587896049,-0.157807471452732,-0.127290237880792,-0.134626359300876,-0.132923316988397,-0.109139406414688,-0.220597337660672,-0.106327571075486,-0.149185385820348,-0.111454109794494,-0.131287928885212,-0.114654490177307,-0.197527537442064,-0.112404236318527,-0.14052682138945,-0.129236892339431,-0.107629052529294,-0.127855781043436,-0.2165562417506,-0.1034842223891,-0.213611107768442,-0.12326708110231,-0.16112196557785,-0.122738286053246,-0.174783081224581,-0.121301249149675,-0.119642664343372,-0.1757265981628,-0.188037909283804,-0.13514850049955,-0.108710215062542,-0.120641478963571,-0.121790997215688,-0.127412493175404,-0.117418445986014,-0.143934367452407,-0.174651535616649,-0.134485210452124,-0.109035466996191,-0.124667450322423,-0.12553534224781,-0.125820695849134,-0.109031016068976,-0.113989847405054,-0.203142229352558,-0.16221656476791,-0.219086673033269,-0.221402868825361,-0.214201846844673,-0.157111550108621,-0.175265278375855,-0.198922366828315,-0.22282094676771,-0.111964580269797,-0.21205534418067,-0.126938576852871,-0.137796833893405,-0.125874554037672,-0.120296951224605,-0.117778402049027,-0.104332887256712,-0.140583481322296,-0.192039515339451,-0.110324347619725,-0.109637839634497,-0.11082825778617,-0.218235617450437,-0.137327709394999,-0.123345921955021,-0.139336800460856,-0.111375962158233,-0.14019676329319,-0.117719092437243,-0.107994008755794,-0.11538335356516,-0.107298128105404,-0.111549037874477,-0.121496479794659,-0.113755509929286,-0.173177238984127,-0.17525132502838,-0.121412973150054,-0.133061201333649,-0.119921012972524,-0.17160158185447,-0.217918778530987,-0.191311887826307,-0.162328002479142,-0.144800712202528,-0.121789413821885,-0.159160802606352,-0.116158481555045,-0.124983316710804,-0.190598843958385,-0.186566316360222,-0.122549204123251,-0.212942645374129,-0.174765843190284,-0.199895365653565,-0.220199411749667,-0.129714365655679,-0.111902546725037,-0.166603772608621,-0.220506131727174,-0.187313081398824,-0.104075435687918,-0.124444565454384,-0.188384789906377,-0.179145376739502,-0.194839055049369,-0.11630565540161,-0.108959064057093,-0.156951189465571,-0.121027537979839,-0.143266347803336,-0.185878564113641,-0.136623667554744,-0.173177090837481,-0.131555514120629,-0.123427979553048,-0.210434219768515,-0.185352504785458,-0.101840065007558,-0.213782931980889,-0.134908328873064,-0.177238095876425,-0.152746900636541,-0.110672205106854,-0.120808450126598,-0.193116919948984,-0.219743398480637,-0.206990802525418,-0.111649037272004,-0.184112554588879,-0.129745160153372,-0.112688456353458,-0.137438992480095,-0.214620559234241,-0.123149453451268,-0.143339469880119,-0.112739578496233,-0.221072647013223,-0.117158953997949,-0.214581492507057,-0.22249379071855,-0.127128469978873,-0.181594636739811,-0.154163761742484,-0.105691674801948,-0.175746508231817,-0.115749845331389,-0.143091686408587,-0.155472527406763,-0.221069078468239,-0.116111468542079,-0.12251763615258,-0.113236100810865,-0.194239108972723,-0.175380370301325,-0.21947583629767,-0.211391805179184,-0.194565293248033,-0.102980180584116,-0.134815438353132,-0.171481370019192,-0.186012136015229,-0.166808925578764,-0.131489147807971,-0.169998349934075,-0.115666901959592,-0.110185198278844,-0.104571700746154,-0.11946182484021,-0.108153579588423,-0.112312378081294,-0.174174537599986,-0.146816654877119,-0.172101411755499,-0.164407617172848,-0.220681455413826,-0.200587035126645,-0.125734277356569,-0.184801004283732,-0.165783698504398,-0.223557476326367,-0.118177339830624,-0.107598686935762,-0.185767762179943,-0.112784031900844,-0.110966088295948,-0.171195775750749,-0.222308772302452,-0.213803525129106,-0.103222516992603,-0.203071319973236,-0.176343336060626,-0.188505366964068,-0.218295007505711,-0.130182839384185,-0.119699573217168,-0.111041763810009,-0.189517649131125,-0.137206451971333,-0.126109363118066,-0.171920660244843,-0.14269944469925,-0.132717806693921,-0.123200254462555,-0.205777395410076,-0.107759440084515,-0.163307336848075,-0.141782393538781,-0.133123166818926,-0.123924708017258,-0.109510552208779,-0.11011828563749,-0.1034697047139,-0.152257363232587,-0.167144253644645,-0.167979803484272,-0.195746593616428,-0.215968904429147,-0.216872715704808,-0.188065099084562,-0.123070401768522,-0.146257386520129,-0.137651809009487,-0.202807094667394,-0.126391295489356,-0.116767615589444,-0.112723801773541,-0.213721972390881,-0.200258715557829,-0.135472929454053,-0.183225890441127,-0.125807920923376,-0.196988600544717,-0.168262764560223,-0.139351306847908,-0.159743301633641,-0.135759380445864,-0.216045688811816,-0.220537409190934,-0.126621264975913,-0.132226421886602,-0.223455954073217,-0.216711329019828,-0.153343545489622,-0.16137772936639,-0.205225531211704,-0.175408403113114,-0.184772796395674,-0.171576983517952,-0.159722340270361,-0.189831870121418,-0.170814296199469,-0.162661089319328,-0.174754638126949,-0.118857594186556,-0.191704311182125,-0.179095819025133,-0.16472708122094,-0.216874694652213,-0.223789257307524,-0.187712793877695,-0.192157877969684,-0.207323751892317,-0.120613015864978,-0.217124530923031,-0.178600728034034,-0.168916524229908,-0.177615823658874,-0.209356960573796,-0.195831946785931,-0.178741981997209,-0.220227976019321,-0.128986706933195,-0.121111547436766,-0.112195259342082,-0.158019290462889,-0.165671169004617,-0.110834264036188,-0.11141938633501,-0.110023162615312,-0.125917998781348,-0.12189047395247,-0.144281182265943,-0.126237708287001,-0.155622455831489,-0.114900286877548,-0.171948183371577,-0.135152237348149,-0.133422974847378,-0.129756246864229,-0.1337762245849,-0.183497137671432,-0.17183933368619,-0.146633585870789,-0.121297441965519,-0.165073899224471,-0.188872559606662,-0.17724311233055,-0.193099139405653,-0.179193788438212,-0.179206576632561,-0.184944158545472,-0.220354929240219,-0.113247946253778,-0.17900979736563,-0.190101657195212,-0.193413272207934,-0.220120020099454,-0.188738543738143,-0.153358762495359,-0.168406230537938,-0.222080527536631,-0.142745193703597,-0.176356272258926,-0.102834921791373,-0.129304544512307,-0.189783965185663,-0.14403982166465,-0.113428765121583,-0.163870871512137,-0.177611168323126,-0.219061724107943,-0.202004849843036,-0.127484872689048,-0.219836650870334,-0.18575233851666,-0.176163962941514,-0.166867566490222,-0.116466689998524,-0.215737790917478,-0.142506907628311,-0.208918728024842,-0.173275396559086,-0.111250809999872,-0.107860853188649,-0.127076492216872,-0.218970001687955,-0.173458085273087,-0.132923798176177,-0.12711809936998,-0.216478083250079,-0.156259071681211,-0.126039185538292,-0.18664613102847,-0.13118747534726,-0.124937423265396,-0.138110759400943,-0.144985718763312,-0.221575190692035,-0.101587802561853,-0.199343081365466,-0.216844103179373,-0.208371153289363,-0.112113474502029,-0.218956350844584,-0.178825270779423,-0.106485979383217,-0.203160435380787,-0.123807007079894,-0.178001903756456,-0.177368545937292,-0.163567352157772,-0.192833439936401,-0.173538747776696,-0.218031675223526,-0.118066352112819,-0.146028503444446,-0.12151986804539,-0.121977138294183,-0.11196762619753,-0.195793509123193,-0.217283980009887,-0.141660353009516,-0.135466500323253,-0.146935666445529,-0.155533186163392,-0.147613152213471,-0.186506171836011,-0.143811828114433,-0.140613518629497,-0.134866862967705,-0.179628372207429,-0.116557386699542,-0.14692789650395,-0.113108237935031,-0.129083735695697,-0.165628058843214,-0.131803970888905,-0.139769244827494,-0.120367705274882,-0.1208176874435,-0.119768513664579,-0.139475497065509,-0.191979883614078,-0.180173396527307,-0.163022703581056,-0.194430154042507,-0.12521347745757,-0.103618163714327,-0.218115227151893,-0.107717996114923,-0.113225219904879,-0.159740582076844,-0.113426449106712,-0.134723875501657,-0.114089942641681,-0.210812800479595,-0.185261049573699,-0.166660947405409,-0.159622936960671,-0.132925075142533,-0.146798072882021,-0.124755852429783,-0.156684837749565,-0.211805662597235,-0.206584734660693,-0.18954456403628,-0.13471859441508,-0.153398816859005,-0.190762852263246,-0.192584592619369,-0.144221418450259,-0.122687177034045,-0.113927575572414,-0.133023537103286,-0.142881362486195,-0.175142322061976,-0.221797136306074,-0.201897905972783,-0.120319579338398,-0.126023060198596,-0.172340238549124,-0.123354681749877,-0.102566189609157,-0.187126213020656,-0.108962008226175,-0.131803935893062,-0.121815247467762,-0.13891916721889,-0.210575045718683,-0.129323262038177,-0.196218982792623,-0.136324364999063,-0.113143853081876,-0.217710846031109,-0.202184835641369,-0.109343849939285,-0.167160982865859,-0.176748458198169,-0.13893342310285,-0.189132307312721,-0.223100664438218,-0.113139595750507,-0.116398138496503,-0.108829796827065,-0.155642434783865,-0.127226474203195,-0.208869166224495,-0.218190048696313,-0.121449734686218,-0.194822926962454,-0.132392532879122,-0.192412274622358,-0.10839142651448,-0.193378127396733,-0.124646857448338,-0.212892998684177,-0.116093564524021,-0.106841910100181,-0.141022678268479,-0.173425193107571,-0.102376628560634,-0.149067866339024,-0.115199604556769,-0.157043498672409,-0.207573050636178,-0.221793325752545,-0.113141152299741,-0.220632871555831,-0.128095755814677,-0.117707936138242,-0.17833264869648,-0.211786738180842,-0.179043814891411,-0.109791822638107,-0.114940533162765,-0.118835802200332,-0.142911475276751,-0.156900004198158,-0.18164875696712,-0.106549617355596,-0.168363883880697,-0.116528860328197,-0.128205327403905,-0.168766851601675,-0.207717750643035,-0.120878593366461,-0.178229595720433,-0.132088740544861,-0.159221708582347,-0.169186215898985,-0.110044619114038,-0.121304196381519,-0.114352995967979,-0.121977665277308,-0.203421295829212,-0.206765864842638,-0.118589787372237,-0.177753733850913,-0.177345094887437,-0.18078244975136,-0.173586063693048,-0.10415126540162,-0.212762304861598,-0.210191313672345,-0.146169741024468,-0.198732002154348,-0.141589936987424,-0.212702818069121,-0.13545695182389,-0.212509300579488,-0.110637213557061,-0.126307843853893,-0.120745412731286,-0.105498310281429,-0.128700925005238,-0.171822566617051,-0.125459654869514,-0.130667899550166,-0.204326086492039,-0.190667364014944,-0.197174863032516,-0.177266764488667,-0.154786445445282,-0.221500391947456,-0.136591984053049,-0.135402206266526,-0.134747086315176,-0.130015132459341,-0.17506155060461,-0.144191490188098,-0.195890243660795,-0.144084772880739,-0.191160370098688,-0.210282356099691,-0.206567611721436,-0.190696826570794,-0.176262533629676,-0.124519527727857,-0.139514052447569,-0.128380072014915,-0.11008749116013,-0.145590612616539,-0.103038038834838,-0.116019440021543,-0.164822295075547,-0.136139148821125,-0.139164203352343,-0.146620694034835,-0.160773573895667,-0.116172790288636,-0.156886080509933,-0.211117117830442,-0.141234647661876,-0.105680918883428,-0.214991450745441,-0.110635185109252,-0.219635671899261,-0.134218524006866,-0.134242599757547,-0.110358320696348,-0.107659946350168,-0.213974904773787,-0.206399295232145,-0.194629838344136,-0.195788936476571,-0.193821031144703,-0.110436312947456,-0.175208703033118,-0.205036680325652,-0.197508665957274,-0.176225731271826,-0.123253013518337,-0.209494579750573,-0.114901944777664,-0.118988840521056,-0.109179875071108,-0.136057444135169,-0.112108711525366,-0.104120877830679,-0.107158151658386,-0.110390780828927,-0.135248140702492,-0.113469955672711,-0.111724357839378,-0.167361927760551,-0.129457454200305,-0.125812820457356,-0.155453878084065,-0.12945655652995,-0.160962775374744,-0.194086994529849,-0.107931575852092,-0.103685196422564,-0.135366828925893,-0.136328883371061,-0.178440673892146,-0.190778618337531,-0.160540301158313,-0.151895883159451,-0.216288781003294,-0.184601979862379,-0.129211030333389,-0.142788035804825,-0.162714716319215,-0.171450336659025,-0.125995586353555,-0.118704250262989,-0.110720493014237,-0.218861714128533,-0.187550443761785,-0.217505928335717,-0.21122762258462,-0.170640467012931,-0.178202770400457,-0.111706728280513,-0.130687498441547,-0.21253610633201,-0.124307529372839,-0.172968886920558,-0.218005029260179,-0.10666017312753,-0.131334714281475,-0.106419031844625,-0.11753900929139,-0.123197584300619,-0.173271034698268,-0.143479037958309,-0.194850372471275,-0.219598770509472,-0.114323616515029,-0.220876447641231,-0.219493179692965,-0.15984685745102,-0.197304379167827,-0.117800169071777,-0.155022186280372,-0.158196874089897,-0.144253181457842,-0.176834864677293,-0.120827477491736,-0.170460451199742,-0.221854232033256,-0.117358256480431,-0.201637112309249,-0.136368633601792,-0.134103202214114,-0.147202469818499,-0.136801460877948,-0.177693206469193,-0.111460467448872,-0.169479275232106,-0.172850537072478,-0.194549807786042,-0.101842717726942,-0.147509724493114,-0.187326038738022,-0.122701871961698,-0.136499478293601,-0.200662665826544,-0.112005640770532,-0.111725351483595,-0.105337585685963,-0.209595842304887,-0.114105988242865,-0.138924136684673,-0.139007834981084,-0.106078679362208,-0.217621179654494,-0.151094532420132,-0.125475249164313,-0.185277661027234,-0.220704380685246,-0.125673354526307,-0.110955446420763,-0.109516111357896,-0.116638325584298,-0.130167490928836,-0.137498011310369,-0.121013538010094,-0.114904659540594,-0.10776067227876,-0.130320230225187,-0.205953981761588,-0.218177600919003,-0.219151740718786,-0.11782879927614,-0.112392191749999,-0.108369910332585,-0.216587224795971,-0.192885306274952,-0.108685102823284,-0.134543084677544,-0.125131122724082,-0.135066977814298,-0.109180295114383,-0.175705942889951,-0.109539498687103,-0.196745863679443,-0.116486995436894,-0.210438957763614,-0.215242048205568,-0.134581090881491,-0.176512641642043,-0.124985989815019,-0.12505502741465,-0.110097162838031,-0.126779281714443,-0.10783149543868,-0.137516195530066,-0.216819335423801,-0.129392124837035,-0.110767159743445,-0.14179950603405,-0.173447604925193,-0.117979658956118,-0.122159882316265,-0.215532218679287,-0.109710782817481,-0.125997954082724,-0.122967266998814,-0.141517407861723,-0.118236622020779,-0.123419535216592,-0.123719867133189,-0.2136561758953,-0.200181068078209,-0.123663086975271,-0.121429864628274,-0.13092169284826,-0.191662797347557,-0.133046724547854,-0.216980202462064,-0.207746035829773,-0.118715054097271,-0.117900799355414,-0.22287826639065,-0.170423859974219,-0.119868855517624,-0.137008479276691,-0.217132123745175,-0.138924738464808,-0.110975000392213,-0.133558247235419,-0.17558107354016,-0.216833816708369,-0.11420724183975,-0.175662970262012,-0.11464298238671,-0.107841552698689,-0.110924728218758,-0.119371722685069,-0.128133100096211,-0.146949058518207,-0.111962024796659,-0.130876678519292,-0.136994139559759,-0.153496595708331,-0.113543495283663,-0.179539002126079,-0.178026707176249,-0.111625907012062,-0.145847853531213,-0.182714650790172,-0.10217074838225,-0.164543328594865,-0.123320150780907,-0.200543725916296,-0.119154121288074,-0.17734585884236,-0.176085066391652,-0.173350206733791,-0.104192016321916,-0.146837450798426,-0.171617176931011,-0.143148646935923,-0.128496218264015,-0.124208234537575,-0.112899734446581,-0.178630968920797,-0.21993799139357,-0.110539390760703,-0.109169895722741,-0.140585149697701,-0.196252955947731,-0.175362608414972,-0.147141428996634,-0.130859261849716,-0.167858141565837,-0.139935324286681,-0.17292308525211,-0.218883662200065,-0.117884529165307,-0.120706730400022,-0.120921656775098,-0.196188160737181,-0.206326819969291,-0.214255212140098,-0.133175671256624,-0.124061712263506,-0.149935264925491,-0.141789892815841,-0.111890667547166,-0.112905686910531,-0.179526991920726,-0.137770132886454,-0.12059136901707,-0.135781421952877,-0.113915981735993,-0.109362005241131,-0.22003872599466,-0.122012466851521,-0.125052772296548,-0.163645010812964,-0.210178185447009,-0.113205450441256,-0.125095515490809,-0.112915490877615,-0.149849895646604,-0.145235170854164,-0.203282136758324,-0.114424001333125,-0.136036690653641,-0.173945383652855,-0.128187012537252,-0.127593965381924,-0.204678515666863,-0.127135765149541,-0.166374856987398,-0.179895858130811,-0.151775966032187,-0.138954785201404,-0.11916801105435,-0.141650235051131,-0.167102620480957,-0.136581212206787,-0.119835682101361,-0.118619901135074,-0.105896655842092,-0.133404547535429,-0.130341733073931,-0.150351488245727,-0.178148276420856,-0.20731711306032,-0.181083539070755,-0.132864060932273,-0.159395763250312,-0.136154036367737,-0.120905329447681,-0.195287280234601,-0.131561613321327,-0.123278085808573,-0.114515021177961,-0.129311243652714,-0.209821012474006,-0.216803812176166,-0.166084120754648,-0.154042513254941,-0.127637956940219,-0.11796876446641,-0.222154139212776,-0.217141848193431,-0.129557978619462,-0.180004017678548,-0.218701492649768,-0.205574141682649,-0.166340265737303,-0.134167452965278,-0.178263485541511,-0.198996419648999,-0.113003349662991,-0.207365511408465,-0.118999781683994,-0.106512496913426,-0.124831261052519,-0.1353197420683,-0.190088737974826,-0.11615210390877,-0.154333373831293,-0.213236629437357,-0.120646186283998,-0.135956517147861,-0.184598043255737,-0.18688593166814,-0.132327932384139,-0.205328589044346,-0.176098487915901,-0.112135286401017,-0.192138047251569,-0.171434878503581,-0.186943135657866,-0.191820637846708,-0.163927682217242,-0.127587575585865,-0.137540486536771,-0.215102801942026,-0.111745863797203,-0.111972174436146,-0.106085021271039,-0.221090899692209,-0.129909981638301,-0.115491207316391,-0.12451075432249,-0.138437229423411,-0.2119957449264,-0.197728609941546,-0.116584477044819,-0.1663167787412,-0.111242954968508,-0.193386211476462,-0.164248349693006,-0.129149731306365,-0.175694407252027,-0.201211651899815,-0.176555714901434,-0.156207845758397,-0.156636959880574,-0.136270455557982,-0.12964427980102,-0.119440203370037,-0.169371434791412,-0.125335521468628,-0.125427011537511,-0.145343109247128,-0.121850340356162,-0.137651463950513,-0.125253433519691,-0.119079880481273,-0.211813178888138,-0.168920041002009,-0.140435774262864,-0.169078290626315,-0.199099562059201,-0.19561810277378,-0.210848005466877,-0.117293469840139,-0.122180297761483,-0.127847608655473,-0.114790814651381,-0.193100605321849,-0.16868080125914,-0.128446373075286,-0.166012140771968,-0.216003042208087,-0.145851219610158,-0.211996118149288,-0.14882954631166,-0.133626457837878,-0.174368138554433,-0.205882872477818,-0.212687836367438,-0.138509388066147,-0.218844214279907,-0.109838882338932,-0.10815909912272,-0.17765205363556,-0.171307814988704,-0.121412171506893,-0.108367690198334,-0.115900473100077,-0.212839234474717,-0.12897147668121,-0.109662345885994,-0.114672211044934,-0.145314003471142,-0.133506658862809,-0.150918589642307,-0.190593432809846,-0.120769909662802,-0.185121937199311,-0.122288091676287,-0.105642135027925,-0.19180767073602,-0.105085115225164,-0.214962951895744,-0.11131062634401,-0.137520469344916,-0.161584433425948,-0.105383251009597,-0.216720284886952,-0.204926597759515,-0.109507527057525,-0.112226885522284,-0.118160744556468,-0.12877823959964,-0.133541235382428,-0.220997081880052,-0.10995942847879,-0.108133038144009,-0.110436569959601,-0.219714879392587,-0.142319652161233,-0.107924950398482,-0.12359225139631,-0.111031010264056,-0.204947440479184,-0.124784106759911,-0.121810473201608,-0.116614317452013,-0.107132907599133,-0.109257652082497,-0.117254869756699,-0.177231964672476,-0.134090944931369,-0.171733764284162,-0.143698360342564,-0.177895542168887,-0.126332353362281,-0.109530959034549,-0.203660932428781,-0.107230015634667,-0.121987361368129,-0.137185760627285,-0.107083551090501,-0.136079886853972,-0.148233935750447,-0.209493944412204,-0.191612196655022,-0.192441810863979,-0.134182700578704,-0.143842591100533,-0.136512435703859,-0.132328134280359,-0.167814822914777,-0.171149403786713,-0.178008117485085,-0.107273737011695,-0.155713557561494,-0.150283424724609,-0.140584849411335,-0.112325596731365,-0.171465258280363,-0.111199644117184,-0.134503568458384,-0.167368623375555,-0.133132620298577,-0.121082682266807,-0.133428457219057,-0.198499508605503,-0.130593223477611,-0.11378507888226,-0.197983509225264,-0.12956500535728,-0.129223211020529,-0.170902646601157,-0.220340599811174,-0.121198451782387,-0.142045838699836,-0.139448275842264,-0.204314448668599,-0.215015732733306,-0.122726131401435,-0.127285159990823,-0.118970059338903,-0.127635190200537,-0.105167416280264,-0.144395084827859,-0.118780488751497,-0.120255642965712,-0.218437187068526,-0.127594737046674,-0.209487834692003,-0.102722710743075,-0.202848259922257,-0.138421310591105,-0.117812757615654,-0.175896219787551,-0.136764363349525,-0.132257149364188,-0.183253526569681,-0.202268507429568,-0.177150284835501,-0.132550353937671,-0.11742818957079,-0.217255379788583,-0.223738467526389,-0.110613886991549,-0.128633421676174,-0.139126207677269,-0.103573578354677,-0.205327402480299,-0.218750457352491,-0.201932945289131,-0.21750130653936,-0.215039241964137,-0.170469244885867,-0.166715460316885,-0.112862727922155,-0.211821183875466,-0.126218737256702,-0.119500835939031,-0.108806116169173,-0.136337455411127,-0.167538307834791,-0.130980948869405,-0.168222412434477,-0.214076964184538,-0.196280689232985,-0.119718118608499,-0.220216272149466,-0.126902446400303,-0.221176153895695,-0.195893298054473,-0.110392479881212,-0.212450576830812,-0.144670375520626,-0.125330251372155,-0.219256837337203,-0.121388986500721,-0.125662839375563,-0.139091258310253,-0.101857284803784,-0.140857210585445,-0.19794093783801,-0.104844944971578,-0.142709778126748,-0.176647068147752,-0.12019578057625,-0.205628724717714,-0.169736430403942,-0.108302727348847,-0.221148634382416,-0.1195131466913,-0.135876054486914,-0.12455873714778,-0.140721337842507,-0.136879788500344,-0.21176597045468,-0.110142172176711,-0.108258395153247,-0.176178756956857,-0.222441126312116,-0.202291457365571,-0.217966651710173,-0.200685996495133,-0.186811087666011,-0.214381842709076,-0.108429452889577,-0.117057524567414,-0.109408709193407,-0.221707932233637,-0.122392409972334,-0.111497648864811,-0.103964020689031,-0.146811650046034,-0.154262110890247,-0.205194970095901,-0.109289284142958,-0.112453722203882,-0.124809565249832,-0.109904013646511,-0.142690831370832,-0.15825012405148,-0.112368729375336,-0.127371520528743,-0.147469307563476,-0.139704869967012,-0.109552184874402,-0.202441257344164,-0.173328724207288,-0.107497234497678,-0.190075210051874,-0.138321774042569,-0.117063226814555,-0.119371832450595,-0.186743886922272,-0.178428429758169,-0.106016876446001,-0.112129111383868,-0.107127248798136,-0.122342361651404,-0.179581366118269,-0.12060238824377,-0.141247305198038,-0.103674336049749,-0.174960040803926,-0.217731504024237,-0.21786323063378,-0.169604831833117,-0.211998241875928,-0.101893689769998,-0.178027497084709,-0.110928644404573,-0.217006848579548,-0.132125139983878,-0.107390825225661,-0.106708585860295,-0.217265872677116,-0.135039194818236,-0.116296994545907,-0.112558841574505,-0.131315035032462,-0.184687004166441,-0.125967951063035,-0.102851816784279,-0.171268370246213,-0.181317385845441,-0.218212954927435,-0.221905290591983,-0.176644874886733,-0.1195991192392,-0.124151528546022,-0.140507109847434,-0.164773262755375,-0.140595091020942,-0.140423849138996,-0.144387263528392,-0.111305334315669,-0.120944443230847,-0.146583472727165,-0.182009676236771,-0.191855231580472,-0.120982685840964,-0.215006197908856,-0.160273279287115,-0.201202212453714,-0.136131135884019,-0.135223503065391,-0.157462828989156,-0.137952479270313,-0.105740996529719,-0.111380364073241,-0.180693872746939,-0.107565626196187,-0.184620026271034,-0.134061443834448,-0.177493485570878,-0.124928188670468,-0.192805707422784,-0.13879127385129,-0.144182787038531,-0.108741951890267,-0.152053055855626,-0.128867039623743,-0.151912891859813,-0.120328402895922,-0.136454777862051,-0.214836030084241,-0.13296202366665,-0.179376803867398,-0.206184515082296,-0.137615570514256,-0.113155586464066,-0.150699717639055,-0.191541085954083,-0.213274616465198,-0.137317018008653,-0.195341342180368,-0.217680077688541,-0.121134912460852,-0.112436677218216,-0.141333017154524,-0.204035580704695,-0.141855076173248,-0.222093155067896,-0.218997945513109,-0.218495385204153,-0.112237456749344,-0.129300175327348,-0.198992152324306,-0.16769291794873,-0.167345515893681,-0.171918143106788,-0.216705711122891,-0.165392226562634,-0.146592879319571,-0.135561057954326,-0.165602112242103,-0.11627645815607,-0.21661597903784,-0.136024331579063,-0.221396995123476,-0.120237400618058,-0.172880729872664,-0.12382831151424,-0.219147079930481,-0.108169883394592,-0.135533554666538,-0.109242408085359,-0.116510332408601,-0.171900756742271,-0.177208128573503,-0.108633479161166,-0.164442354323141,-0.118048605851308,-0.213180676635273,-0.160354590600386,-0.218883569831492,-0.121331469731834,-0.150506624490064,-0.119032996580133,-0.143211078444833,-0.172719063424585,-0.174488138660898,-0.171518559020409,-0.117055877716517,-0.126470366975611,-0.141287179540657,-0.10875628865508,-0.110645671025883,-0.216145077726828,-0.16779240475516,-0.13029152776265,-0.183028593626069,-0.123676997595744,-0.124546921987986,-0.123414709658619,-0.167695718149796,-0.21133573336922,-0.121662352406463,-0.210753354258847,-0.216187814482165,-0.112434365791768,-0.149985562856326,-0.111979875468217,-0.200951636308465,-0.109831720266016,-0.104495707143333,-0.218184696896233,-0.124938531906532,-0.133901134929845,-0.138082109764699,-0.117200653728925,-0.191523812819701,-0.192304828092689,-0.111327335200757,-0.107197546578005,-0.176542686918493,-0.146769078892468,-0.110358356412327,-0.156956502695439,-0.141712501341579,-0.217138366808007,-0.155973957773937,-0.109763204219578,-0.12719200071553,-0.211844707930015,-0.124684032427473,-0.16193462020652,-0.176049695337284,-0.195510806646137,-0.193660186642928,-0.216416002394365,-0.177362167699626,-0.216442310775204,-0.128299926077314,-0.167276283468261,-0.110480180178979,-0.211856715388829,-0.179059772554312,-0.158435685959021,-0.208806825850036,-0.159359902011679,-0.124215674184397,-0.163975711062865,-0.120036966092149,-0.155432235036382,-0.175150433212096,-0.196844351868402,-0.21842552801594,-0.215581294731943,-0.177711387856191,-0.175479055542542,-0.137796344516246,-0.174213199398831,-0.208396997378273,-0.223002582965769,-0.214943901279481,-0.215302706282917,-0.217863231818423,-0.104313682864873,-0.109194650063138,-0.129161800029321,-0.158570997960448,-0.130981331638793,-0.222291439449329,-0.21785657121608,-0.113328916172531,-0.21736830319583,-0.111642629946848,-0.10883022587046,-0.200249251807701,-0.22121839506351,-0.13818246216934,-0.104302848043406,-0.179864817769725,-0.10922281932525,-0.113047072550781,-0.219778337341573,-0.19646871323888,-0.197757449054856,-0.10962773817822,-0.203816826308915,-0.189992171825029,-0.192726706624465,-0.111566477732999,-0.218578199065987,-0.22166395843943,-0.124595244822972,-0.152998856507851,-0.217536409463266,-0.145476923362432,-0.108724408918271,-0.207970042720828,-0.206560454861781,-0.124941258456042,-0.122082553335005,-0.119311129919928,-0.119836203194132,-0.128574856827749,-0.190353837849602,-0.172181629329106,-0.124095124810047,-0.122938514016144,-0.105296902490489,-0.127289316542769,-0.220523933707682,-0.203250138975147,-0.13271349170769,-0.122753213058179,-0.137689993039094,-0.119509757543191,-0.136363079343053,-0.152097485085364,-0.186258478290098,-0.159576715248462,-0.185662274357736,-0.167727822609587,-0.186622214710912,-0.188430497841926,-0.144082589652387,-0.117138410611255,-0.217421945596773,-0.132467659946641,-0.132092157620586,-0.105941436940301,-0.196813115821591,-0.166664990478324,-0.194785637464987,-0.211095346249232,-0.175262720335405,-0.184726528682299,-0.218086208737014,-0.157002632173724,-0.136847431978257,-0.149286940669898,-0.185778249626854,-0.173652547604447,-0.213543960319839,-0.19982910363582,-0.124238869465463,-0.105417301610555,-0.110804206642821,-0.105096644789342,-0.108759311196605,-0.108869896562988,-0.21736133503559,-0.132005704473548,-0.131375081803309,-0.17736602576557,-0.13045877293908,-0.151124745341064,-0.119678622767838,-0.136231416211715,-0.217505215871153,-0.111072513222728,-0.168524774169924,-0.223836139825007,-0.115090186826155,-0.105987018981379,-0.161547580646398,-0.166642472991519,-0.175510032131068,-0.140196981958415,-0.130871282567162,-0.119476169143148,-0.172406955948496,-0.167724574266609,-0.199359902795298,-0.127653322360987,-0.107722785584843,-0.211960347593509,-0.117231930224868,-0.110658333362291,-0.135431764918685,-0.140358338707484,-0.128862355349146,-0.216448008515606,-0.216731349792065,-0.108149809621757,-0.123366952510789,-0.170996210026398,-0.120630963901799,-0.116654103911936,-0.121780342541404,-0.1875432406887,-0.11535259223941,-0.139326805519691,-0.172803768734099,-0.146815332974154,-0.144570635732809,-0.178635201594321,-0.158195690837014,-0.187063383917458,-0.220770616479391,-0.105594713804267,-0.125248864283826,-0.109209352568941,-0.141062857837457,-0.156279607650619,-0.149933826362183,-0.116405041890461,-0.211893384289784,-0.200665462070271,-0.121666040777856,-0.132852165135315,-0.137316568544222,-0.195431975789467,-0.118223558667807,-0.176204460358145,-0.103274875902027,-0.131002602127489,-0.134627845533745,-0.107878296037596,-0.218904176342845,-0.168331679362306,-0.184333640005341,-0.12672704571647,-0.129018048230663,-0.197893934458252,-0.117729447743477,-0.169777322590603,-0.114321049049517,-0.12701240919484,-0.134531028093781,-0.178087884194771,-0.179722353718249,-0.135505138356997,-0.123520836688062,-0.115935635497732,-0.116153809199287,-0.199261643554512,-0.103064091048358,-0.130121125168037,-0.177912401328459,-0.119436169445325,-0.11163973334815,-0.133660269271782,-0.1184707246601,-0.220155755701881,-0.180592124388825,-0.169312073764961,-0.119188225063516,-0.13723263212846,-0.178069615536094,-0.160445188574992,-0.132365494990502,-0.109746422465485,-0.112078300892435,-0.1668371028961,-0.117039396850104,-0.210046272128733,-0.122300829069713,-0.132125987515084,-0.123136285997951,-0.209609599887226,-0.113268573446233,-0.109247803561216,-0.157779577022685,-0.16171922532933,-0.117967398098849,-0.121197076699357,-0.120933128654068,-0.120415154933274,-0.21101772014193,-0.177017448583012,-0.16487607372178,-0.119919857277323,-0.152961300881071,-0.162681239554001,-0.170485019736182,-0.121293785462132,-0.118168406797284,-0.111986186579602,-0.214234454003291,-0.147822503225256,-0.171043173081407,-0.111114673560752,-0.159556242193125,-0.1823490017784,-0.204533758558678,-0.109811291076556,-0.123976828089487,-0.124510622085106,-0.221227752080398,-0.185381900254028,-0.156386175158601,-0.117142854800392,-0.164428892724713,-0.178087056427859,-0.111436805004055,-0.177648414764004,-0.121967410292286,-0.149778683965953,-0.155999381199727,-0.178290530761639,-0.111286759900894,-0.118315139975298,-0.127439879260225,-0.176186316346452,-0.118791739137586,-0.139113236245845,-0.120626143571792,-0.160259036725884,-0.177369857212959,-0.189311381604545,-0.131190606769048,-0.142144435115773,-0.129437412305143,-0.156424253565708,-0.123883238830328,-0.20340058107304,-0.158813204092659,-0.118180517024495,-0.11394922248926,-0.110606767832512,-0.123237236258239,-0.134479351005632,-0.168886342442503,-0.129795165609118,-0.112991935313946,-0.1733748306934,-0.115781347187879,-0.118242306221686,-0.118166631832896,-0.103106538029946,-0.171534294888308,-0.147799493148899,-0.187007104452098,-0.20586646394911,-0.121362532841317,-0.108928933667229,-0.121496161924252,-0.137943554068021,-0.113094280336784,-0.19317179980371,-0.106842498392195,-0.110898075955721,-0.167965027053626,-0.134101863320334,-0.188329041879853,-0.131620335167918,-0.13319514331425,-0.137350323589664,-0.157052161809072,-0.170396742244184,-0.222775626934577,-0.11330910310128,-0.115082593643311,-0.16932159713774,-0.107987510519462,-0.145699696835207,-0.174214433992563,-0.114978669084862,-0.196198778284702,-0.160254344994806,-0.12545147811335,-0.165396169406258,-0.173712997581927,-0.114854721016357,-0.109156929860527,-0.128013153248023,-0.144145160011418,-0.111098733217722,-0.106102907547304,-0.170375488464212,-0.188171187407263,-0.167231583099132,-0.129737658611435,-0.134245893007621,-0.188901167810587,-0.180884714734692,-0.116752780781537,-0.216156971934509,-0.117233460029066,-0.122527912249453,-0.115205381590242,-0.147000699469842,-0.117204360423554,-0.168527664321261,-0.175355926597148,-0.185015970213206,-0.13901337447382,-0.116771665958535,-0.174249630935142,-0.118373993600439,-0.21484380337828,-0.11762986805168,-0.125932843819339,-0.143438555225851,-0.126404354698014,-0.125360067658328,-0.216591113736644,-0.109774681030832,-0.113880145335104,-0.218526533570139,-0.123121063974636,-0.13585268799049,-0.132125058342602,-0.210002372835606,-0.128498407466572,-0.210184436098065,-0.137217016823515,-0.116056201075613,-0.111549203278065,-0.110962395687941,-0.113297739158418,-0.174594363680502,-0.221146918360161,-0.145495913153466,-0.117261419206843,-0.175969436963489,-0.21721718259057,-0.134324403123839,-0.149966085693678,-0.109704616756786,-0.13746826678442,-0.113379894145353,-0.126687328523541,-0.106805102667922,-0.199796655544272,-0.113330596617689,-0.112735183856018,-0.192181328354359,-0.124324976328576,-0.11175790762113,-0.120338829132305,-0.121065509391759,-0.12021328945593,-0.164746603692779,-0.113676046193283,-0.105747901170524,-0.104050851919701,-0.123904522767706,-0.119483208546547,-0.115155910455689,-0.15917155753886,-0.195576462088224,-0.178285228708751,-0.139832053841945,-0.111612233429017,-0.159389776106084,-0.108208843074873,-0.120419299882047,-0.213947633203899,-0.160813541548055,-0.204197445247084,-0.159146321671989,-0.198083503671447,-0.118326669546118,-0.181889215758277,-0.221687384442152,-0.125620543875802,-0.11018439088963,-0.141235308721708,-0.140124088876167,-0.131914567715745,-0.184185934869388,-0.113916207872067,-0.214147851672884,-0.13519994223999,-0.140839021397801,-0.187140316796195,-0.204403933610694,-0.195970486096131,-0.15907289490507,-0.146260593823832,-0.178002697063079,-0.175471694072636,-0.113327649768243,-0.144983709535765,-0.126993963529995,-0.156708783632707,-0.189490516730987,-0.114997655230775,-0.182879892094402,-0.190122283979747,-0.145207054911681,-0.11078730758539,-0.11842848608451,-0.189496420570465,-0.197660511328867,-0.102998527543729,-0.120036981734723,-0.207483890804388,-0.120941178754946,-0.165504908879176,-0.134664336170275,-0.163915003089324,-0.136079413646229,-0.12144261232535,-0.112371533712871,-0.20418472181977,-0.114666059197212,-0.186891425841335,-0.212392444566395,-0.115862970651381,-0.112203329838846,-0.162701627945418,-0.175266924359268,-0.157709411799779,-0.217430659216827,-0.211702841396498,-0.1204006157347,-0.157863749011787,-0.130926413689638,-0.160508312611258,-0.121251801212361,-0.131154799916815,-0.138837278476033,-0.115541427601371,-0.223479249147948,-0.124224057444248,-0.119703120576194,-0.207558816081991,-0.214702097356947,-0.129539800252648,-0.171672501804167,-0.220871004113931,-0.181198921460422,-0.118290627720261,-0.113302439809768,-0.115578449201159,-0.176801569987286,-0.138059145369561,-0.108737386428809,-0.155733273750171,-0.181993500200326,-0.107885986074919,-0.135807146639293,-0.129968338599635,-0.124777517657656,-0.164276527333224,-0.111542960416993,-0.125557567451138,-0.134476980978506,-0.194890269395653,-0.204748603534305,-0.209185871692764,-0.179080515826346,-0.115376860460933,-0.188703635622375,-0.139541194447225,-0.105367623220539,-0.134870817741055,-0.22226268132961,-0.105752277673356,-0.105781043546183,-0.218998790955596,-0.170124952332074,-0.216179849768722,-0.223165139541512,-0.148434606029641,-0.112908183085999,-0.191715805374376,-0.141810642668383,-0.1244425971989,-0.154152235279912,-0.106731493588522,-0.21778567249188,-0.211434072159464,-0.115272729649276,-0.182489137463734,-0.19403457097289,-0.17592796187385,-0.152017307034103,-0.110405740312567,-0.177373576052451,-0.106639791820416,-0.11943869882407,-0.111936523191864,-0.167442304793887,-0.217950607917681,-0.18477144573193,-0.130031361391276,-0.127400121091388,-0.212561458144659,-0.206228646696636,-0.143154068421489,-0.155400152697228,-0.193051894884923,-0.120760702087121,-0.124540835031077,-0.18734189323489,-0.115208225099105,-0.129219192292331,-0.115672514794556,-0.184550785298513,-0.111359329474192,-0.202877939358331,-0.16896864262278,-0.212636735903244,-0.21220624061767,-0.12612294787511,-0.166487588971516,-0.136835929236913,-0.114107229212997,-0.220575217239613,-0.105681039072068,-0.122381405613979,-0.138496934392316,-0.160804321036564,-0.216698289494906,-0.187680495533487,-0.126693956827907,-0.132958002291346,-0.121367756078402,-0.134775609398371,-0.146948953012442,-0.138875137845429,-0.196484194455547,-0.120705122768182,-0.166082843157591,-0.196401696060948,-0.131734774206534,-0.220524914437668,-0.222395578637503,-0.124243736421172,-0.212736932893211,-0.123497524794139,-0.179648529169841,-0.13891097540989,-0.124442309471432,-0.174974765251588,-0.128401821518775,-0.203563651136767,-0.11809829163052,-0.177585785543539,-0.123692032125432,-0.213065029940316,-0.105500513237331,-0.114686968084445,-0.120080418524841,-0.116299136552589,-0.160326167356787,-0.102517878718596,-0.129946200992756,-0.128736158044484,-0.123226256862557,-0.191340549281044,-0.167681380001236,-0.204985722644778,-0.185597817513166,-0.170947491040064,-0.127372186869659,-0.171941727464627,-0.106250762889776,-0.128148637991238,-0.191231655552773,-0.112066297359997,-0.112465899456559,-0.207774281848671,-0.20285639732858,-0.161449492174929,-0.211017256009966,-0.184709490639759,-0.149972972117722,-0.107727491585318,-0.2190441279395,-0.206111932154309,-0.123626735700572,-0.116904101710944,-0.201070426408244,-0.17573915523912,-0.124012242998805,-0.15128901984244,-0.124529063049078,-0.111916024361271,-0.185275296878066,-0.138548095231039,-0.15820117689714,-0.106813344219292,-0.120148845992792,-0.174643132291699,-0.167439801709602,-0.159065018579859,-0.136146394633442,-0.19509945040988,-0.141992764898218,-0.217442505752342,-0.111258322724793,-0.1043977507715,-0.146871675155913,-0.219316763804918,-0.140054506575849,-0.108218959127806,-0.109528268476183,-0.133495334997565,-0.119973002835453,-0.132003626504706,-0.103339824745107,-0.214819028006321,-0.206161071492884,-0.215812044475965,-0.108367766429571,-0.124885549445484,-0.120215904187454,-0.192536494447485,-0.218575514200607,-0.132848952082891,-0.221610992131349,-0.128072689337641,-0.132899413507024,-0.104757086026326,-0.122786474476751,-0.128445166795995,-0.123103937097568,-0.2202317655291,-0.107436875655279,-0.129185702075478,-0.152115792053001,-0.117438907965401,-0.186903594891589,-0.113810797561426,-0.129624914230928,-0.170807027861176,-0.13423452659771,-0.123064654946452,-0.117968600491239,-0.131871185054898,-0.127044218128981,-0.158262719043039,-0.157584322239438,-0.201442458240798,-0.134906515285805,-0.120835900399877,-0.182479540700583,-0.125710734596314,-0.11646130390799,-0.177910917685498,-0.123220724650683,-0.138395005822198,-0.187815965622524,-0.207663456920821,-0.153276157209203,-0.123786911056755,-0.169377163490584,-0.129694400085162,-0.122538247724323,-0.104302655227927,-0.211128880806495,-0.129611943571795,-0.211657722476637,-0.111136051241521,-0.170927204241984,-0.123282650366234,-0.11105883685063,-0.101382544470407,-0.219484140292507,-0.218618099395547,-0.116610523118814,-0.130127443236245,-0.150010013519406,-0.127870482234269,-0.113115960478615,-0.192157472292149,-0.125393772907328,-0.126772816021238,-0.16646242972636,-0.187358155180328,-0.111497653223375,-0.198165599554662,-0.111062934761668,-0.213703071813216,-0.110954344412837,-0.167610460188979,-0.121422669831706,-0.144739904671829,-0.20495371125,-0.202606636616185,-0.129883752700297,-0.219673353441726,-0.194870141309222,-0.189142672940202,-0.177730510635294,-0.120552956358654,-0.112257734722259,-0.223311128885869,-0.110474954378126,-0.120790208816893,-0.149679318587456,-0.120832584729927,-0.18330680132331,-0.205744804149443,-0.177343681614112,-0.164765793948332,-0.124315358350646,-0.211834521178307,-0.110127272929315,-0.118951265850339,-0.200244485542905,-0.166908236230154,-0.211203767725442,-0.106657053853102,-0.149571866812065,-0.141412266179385,-0.144636582358977,-0.149558569912447,-0.20536669265601,-0.110827503779765,-0.12391005037085,-0.108750317660093,-0.163896185514338,-0.202620257911036,-0.216993844542315,-0.11609857559203,-0.111087814820059,-0.154115312727109,-0.123732428525133,-0.169166501814997,-0.211520787632182,-0.192857308016595,-0.171816358740751,-0.174934946031936,-0.111668343060862,-0.130202933684088,-0.212673040761229,-0.176107700312641,-0.117736626997486,-0.128972301803777,-0.203258306277322,-0.180617869778307,-0.203394985856127,-0.155755321775146,-0.171500380932767,-0.106574869302297,-0.215662922495497,-0.215017980758339,-0.192846041620011,-0.106225046040455,-0.16349310536626,-0.21587184684217,-0.21877462436375,-0.130755750760766,-0.119375179296907,-0.134775820747299,-0.211913943076719,-0.199651317491621,-0.125250139929356,-0.140303335104441,-0.132237588897083,-0.132253713274471,-0.156369355160678,-0.124375006385325,-0.133786693094416,-0.138783125086403,-0.138390952187305,-0.111723491683396,-0.138232238214506,-0.138378084351899,-0.131265809117226,-0.216425898220414,-0.197162584400773,-0.170467069244854,-0.164663407925179,-0.123508828550648,-0.110906277993381,-0.130451598853935,-0.106126332346892,-0.175085377582313,-0.104893080461251,-0.139680259063749,-0.11967652677772,-0.167396088322178,-0.124249195361396,-0.139351874309866,-0.106680033882366,-0.181704623632625,-0.207975584990434,-0.108726918677857,-0.190633715030396,-0.13174108165711,-0.110072722563453,-0.121033196818134,-0.167702481084343,-0.119809969827343,-0.214494775880348,-0.221331721336171,-0.217551648418928,-0.139851509605423,-0.159529526704934,-0.207009716111265,-0.221988997429829,-0.17422626596806,-0.115679629924433,-0.120064235034963,-0.218231608995046,-0.186196579556482,-0.214997032627717,-0.210713690985261,-0.116252886742018,-0.219903285892962,-0.123100327966688,-0.121096304916395,-0.132777244855052,-0.192995716163844,-0.133746011313761,-0.160490894707199,-0.164018852242559,-0.180525431400407,-0.12299793313643,-0.219452244730394,-0.146208383309398,-0.201730216096412,-0.124109093088465,-0.178664326899013,-0.205050316074545,-0.113747340184258,-0.107902400175305,-0.195390798168492,-0.204596803042397,-0.140658025051333,-0.214088780805692,-0.129948924892798,-0.187259676758954,-0.17690736040323,-0.209539698959095,-0.130812904723711,-0.120712543706838,-0.109399514384521,-0.110748923914673,-0.22291019039467,-0.216165187778383,-0.192063322156619,-0.205159878980508,-0.108973636942538,-0.148012661834355,-0.211076424009401,-0.116794048390359,-0.177168172209231,-0.191705069346517,-0.12471985882229,-0.112990495966952,-0.126629817657353,-0.10212866540817,-0.210580765390771,-0.210197799326627,-0.198524773026163,-0.145288155188235,-0.204095143244144,-0.174489175852505,-0.188866231061617,-0.108145389971472,-0.108090666388838,-0.126176205067359,-0.16472832989829,-0.114223200244596,-0.124467290394871,-0.192260927789783,-0.214320907818312,-0.141787761359155,-0.135139978362342,-0.166869357669564,-0.134329711322349,-0.205169048832504,-0.203695561654238,-0.209016767549707,-0.11152341226189,-0.152954148762763,-0.135159475594325,-0.110638792816551,-0.202710934625998,-0.13211799691641,-0.120875815162053,-0.134698272719299,-0.103568692208868,-0.156832153637877,-0.218721640520569,-0.177566136224981,-0.157226071612315,-0.20666942672547,-0.153322978829173,-0.210221271713065,-0.143024082066668,-0.179579637222234,-0.18699130583466,-0.140226863652982,-0.108357474197553,-0.114567417304331,-0.186049962656913,-0.174610092446834,-0.221348032581141,-0.120426490811199,-0.17586389929821,-0.171173388273792,-0.157624990417959,-0.169426082538756,-0.129045511063071,-0.132831072616903,-0.175520295655552,-0.154306041639442,-0.188922886844221,-0.219978842592172,-0.199386955261659,-0.203920913143143,-0.221964081209622,-0.111978413845023,-0.121797386921095,-0.115915371780703,-0.203034046827579,-0.117578884520745,-0.171977703845454,-0.204822521354659,-0.220232502327004,-0.188438350496441,-0.103576664329428,-0.126516383976284,-0.137391566830451,-0.121957261799645,-0.117296238296842,-0.125688567459386,-0.177503892527886,-0.212103984074911,-0.104324214682611,-0.187970411821537,-0.106610989623817,-0.169267662869552,-0.212733468727846,-0.210064450662117,-0.197244333224026,-0.105520242662087,-0.117020695265792,-0.213772864808088,-0.10942081632814,-0.134580516495761,-0.220001300304661,-0.130584314676099,-0.139097157459445,-0.113531658956084,-0.150800383194322,-0.192523002367044,-0.101913063048607,-0.113624399665013,-0.163797999814585,-0.130925035063134,-0.119088930240575,-0.123726747196743,-0.178481958069602,-0.211503740487853,-0.118280661431117,-0.189298666246941,-0.113073994043717,-0.181358453411998,-0.137481484667448,-0.136091395874036,-0.142645156394994,-0.162600460222341,-0.124219269020787,-0.114102844648529,-0.178697734607277,-0.115077780290009,-0.101702806572106,-0.139256885881878,-0.117220667367058,-0.110651276202977,-0.117688206169698,-0.10481288726005,-0.145161159975007,-0.222043435099512,-0.118231256785514,-0.216803109913798,-0.195268622085739,-0.191449346663954,-0.11658779352876,-0.184628965125553,-0.179817250763291,-0.220596989054311,-0.220529937735725,-0.133374774897436,-0.164058422485488,-0.134783084204804,-0.146998268700482,-0.173581015013509,-0.131614705239145,-0.105095704899557,-0.122714657443758,-0.141977910155591,-0.110505451423218,-0.108098830587288,-0.170537808330221,-0.109614230824804,-0.210964184834888,-0.217136276546832,-0.204186034978313,-0.160188478146225,-0.113521827327574,-0.218688230255617,-0.209537559155697,-0.142041594110733,-0.158325282982565,-0.138594713205498,-0.137291146656495,-0.192906244901836,-0.187435325425934,-0.124487921985753,-0.104022626475722,-0.136972097772369,-0.156065210970052,-0.13314341765362,-0.19103482107058,-0.109149109444218,-0.140315422948826,-0.223051301358271,-0.121709451917563,-0.127039630498938,-0.201987507227482,-0.145672188822726,-0.124416909610808,-0.117531004227411,-0.214960316519491,-0.194107868259639,-0.186054395817179,-0.176088157308681,-0.136549648707354,-0.106871594090268,-0.117061794847736,-0.190343288180517,-0.140275429617332,-0.129033301178232,-0.111419858236831,-0.14479008201676,-0.208197301965095,-0.202693186191186,-0.169254001880439,-0.163393168856183,-0.193718777931442,-0.125462042586295,-0.132882325925348,-0.164034550463282,-0.210579142293908,-0.131093037515393,-0.116582985533496,-0.114950868047794,-0.123291613097094,-0.101511015662009,-0.135863518758312,-0.109829398674129,-0.176373199565534,-0.133426550488222,-0.132215559652582,-0.157202647374995,-0.216588490390418,-0.186301091859696,-0.172408077776758,-0.184793385227958,-0.177523967260061,-0.209981750559818,-0.160294991062978,-0.221367726256939,-0.140009725497873,-0.116752642832175,-0.220285345827563,-0.135079986939436,-0.179700058702838,-0.221470509892307,-0.148953643578826,-0.115356938871101,-0.203390064172626,-0.116845681648118,-0.18844435486424,-0.121099212205315,-0.130304300396087,-0.116475592897976,-0.134067353180891,-0.198721418586623,-0.11892674144836,-0.22033851891272,-0.194621689497877,-0.112904944190523,-0.107269405362491,-0.109636733290866,-0.122304513255836,-0.188135000322282,-0.169113244729282,-0.18116847364185,-0.122001610392747,-0.154501540984686,-0.214412339334765,-0.182602789114458,-0.186294705883415,-0.177552494389668,-0.174299531108161,-0.221155974932309,-0.142087984211348,-0.128275983031059,-0.168079772254361,-0.146606120275017,-0.167457312858129,-0.21263712430807,-0.121349940493746,-0.167643079968311,-0.121840049035756,-0.10879088351376,-0.110709444485107,-0.104960429434974,-0.114146400371566,-0.220105851905419,-0.145450229000043,-0.22163435088928,-0.124961830121281,-0.158727477604507,-0.11886708682025,-0.194800662528886,-0.214449187008964,-0.175552555306925,-0.12607483176815,-0.131545644324161,-0.137428885694852,-0.114127851311224,-0.212145224125741,-0.131519800040305,-0.126133145982618,-0.221002952718237,-0.166257218030835,-0.181649247266665,-0.133405775765156,-0.12833030080346,-0.12855877954514,-0.222920427248266,-0.19006588843504,-0.204506034479069,-0.177801013251526,-0.12711841489305,-0.180959491302757,-0.119598669481739,-0.17810265181775,-0.142007883656215,-0.193575469628021,-0.18569924206493,-0.210132640378326,-0.211633961594412,-0.145820142492395,-0.157160696861517,-0.107615984747512,-0.145114332713833,-0.21957971394318,-0.17722828874239,-0.168639997558111,-0.192755349323003,-0.184107040955268,-0.126158020878412,-0.22172951105543,-0.215068949015928,-0.128973498749828,-0.218037081304604,-0.217951562205063,-0.113290792943943,-0.127038450462375,-0.143495540978532,-0.113291717086008,-0.214023542671382,-0.199912393897967,-0.217601832307609,-0.198677362297552,-0.115838749331595,-0.112142547223983,-0.115743856823202,-0.184793194995319,-0.139818568076598,-0.157823789445385,-0.105894026794866,-0.178597136991505,-0.223071601965656,-0.178661109213946,-0.178936942328695,-0.21468217681079,-0.223079166670987,-0.195659802982436,-0.220683220479382,-0.2202516258546,-0.136917097876266,-0.116697016091496,-0.140972042948572,-0.135461358815366,-0.188072622145096,-0.166927439532261,-0.110465722052647,-0.113160062839013,-0.172282766348291,-0.201520578455785,-0.140053307534445,-0.151661738371914,-0.103966378329476,-0.186999993542688,-0.187240847874917,-0.157767535377925,-0.221357921215683,-0.220770563707707,-0.219661250390576,-0.209434316572376,-0.216946670348296,-0.109407635727152,-0.216122162703551,-0.110993352307273,-0.110624696851276,-0.199041134733349,-0.19979596503913,-0.208773148229722,-0.223026410482226,-0.131295082466213,-0.215074835819185,-0.216359478098234,-0.104495626672627,-0.11759321103387,-0.222149562859077,-0.106933500639079,-0.109518677085629,-0.161290099133253,-0.179525984792966,-0.20811103743802,-0.165904179042326,-0.114792055730961,-0.180904947580256,-0.217619872144157,-0.180255798663722,-0.120328349514674,-0.187821679521311,-0.207178740038021,-0.169314861126851,-0.205388762120727,-0.177244536587728,-0.209542983458033,-0.218572774004888,-0.209282437388906,-0.121029087724676,-0.124823234996412,-0.218671543661291,-0.179798746804001,-0.203755593405798,-0.130145755579103,-0.16794819523385,-0.129976126830574,-0.183275758723235,-0.148611881112901,-0.185142587208062,-0.123208793999342,-0.188712917511847,-0.156679927543903,-0.166801771305177,-0.120299410414925,-0.18457462278989,-0.162971706646714,-0.219438545964736,-0.168067623013306,-0.17522641618496,-0.156152216366041,-0.127960636663625,-0.210519765039232,-0.168962204491628,-0.208744789779169,-0.10602504714039,-0.151026812022479,-0.192085221202146,-0.217938630750634,-0.163162269828815,-0.135425991770398,-0.182074513009014,-0.222742757567687,-0.185972994020866,-0.129837079499155,-0.217849410804464,-0.168595136067972,-0.123650866330037,-0.125950286119105,-0.178076119714642,-0.184705967215141,-0.150704136789322,-0.148285293599881,-0.195510327764872,-0.158970811485812,-0.109508993297918,-0.125495906164169,-0.129291132780364,-0.179989097860169,-0.157890157159917,-0.127803491766505,-0.120421821402894,-0.167711290518725,-0.167323784796773,-0.175618885631803,-0.219400610981446,-0.139509665403148,-0.221850667679774,-0.177771216940127,-0.178994581279609,-0.10340591383329,-0.105386400349747,-0.204373316487355,-0.159572246990118,-0.125247312476594,-0.183648973858817,-0.200846244912954,-0.104666840645526,-0.13542315139804,-0.167198635707751,-0.172513316795813,-0.173085944046775,-0.128641080278488,-0.207432989492809,-0.183330761215074,-0.169724861955414,-0.177848104464116,-0.1796972934117,-0.15605091430914,-0.207897383462388,-0.159602938974775,-0.191570271116583,-0.152168177452574,-0.136302626411941,-0.130370521861628,-0.135998002134597,-0.1119138045609,-0.167334792700039,-0.170190988362653,-0.112884587110054,-0.128705748724343,-0.160936934419531,-0.124767283043547,-0.135663692016901,-0.217814916449029,-0.215281489886502,-0.103203249053951,-0.113939611326333,-0.166796424730124,-0.177206117795812,-0.128099570732007,-0.184755335959958,-0.167276912016703,-0.174323227125457,-0.164259919937687,-0.178812956740774,-0.210255893684348,-0.154893351087287,-0.111633075314511,-0.183148560684847,-0.115148725906407,-0.159492693227982,-0.206626231816813,-0.214909068170702,-0.215447023022654,-0.193914930573188,-0.107387430593621,-0.122821293540616,-0.198854317251204,-0.135691799261522,-0.19068521751738,-0.10205120815777,-0.107690422937149,-0.169516103227066,-0.131327661407776,-0.218811029923454,-0.139414546345253,-0.167244695207944,-0.181067778236199,-0.10562576743431,-0.115941974843493,-0.193618707801959,-0.108745301537467,-0.145048640756132,-0.214293301404634,-0.179049078805821,-0.133893083286997,-0.215773678421281,-0.153220301767016,-0.154268349329829,-0.17729944314382,-0.109624678734124,-0.180620362129334,-0.15042930779855,-0.122569238444768,-0.131649402930534,-0.145961823181339,-0.21770742758503,-0.168662243770344,-0.147360223913774,-0.135223899764005,-0.118783545118509,-0.167809086920369,-0.168987218466962,-0.115838616802543,-0.109216165648943,-0.103150948757531,-0.105405574021779,-0.110807668843107,-0.11381299353365,-0.104580093529459,-0.166038977821719,-0.136442073258616,-0.135785268616041,-0.132237157682337,-0.11685977893969,-0.179277833286898,-0.178708681889802,-0.221630740920568,-0.163901908900583,-0.205864389893485,-0.139330462802926,-0.193597807028189,-0.158700865488853,-0.117698989018742,-0.222122813893016,-0.198779128029941,-0.141293098449925,-0.217701896354035,-0.220808093335046,-0.124109653543631,-0.21096834218275,-0.179112578964086,-0.160751211774984,-0.177714910272036,-0.161980954816561,-0.128643998827323,-0.217341367550604,-0.116508915449204,-0.172506429887308,-0.177828860224135,-0.194046272450082,-0.139650672826467,-0.164661414466549,-0.164094180718979,-0.135191858851256,-0.106492609654754,-0.208372516081279,-0.205677966675855,-0.211757891640544,-0.13149360031621,-0.20711191744663,-0.117482173409507,-0.217973028003599,-0.137048672042003,-0.216192776340991,-0.122111274890298,-0.201730448247505,-0.110260909944065,-0.111500484694485,-0.137136999756841,-0.163953400294766,-0.141594267297607,-0.20885525291352,-0.11541201120971,-0.218147436384289,-0.163001932525735,-0.167323128748827,-0.109860767375669,-0.124380633706899,-0.221806009901647,-0.207854280028796,-0.202357596547969,-0.204180804698054,-0.137573868470542,-0.104742984294623,-0.167253609991308,-0.11794812338165,-0.104620331540529,-0.186443465955431,-0.193851005673673,-0.149178207063837,-0.210920895708283,-0.151244363228763,-0.199255733348556,-0.187239048065847,-0.160095573245572,-0.110335637984958,-0.126592665273208,-0.190694170199482,-0.215638043070452,-0.21938100770157,-0.143967479371374,-0.195613407882532,-0.128404131435497,-0.102413582403572,-0.127214220931731,-0.11250991913164,-0.137418705418382,-0.202062058260037,-0.185753959009239,-0.154536040492831,-0.116804245623006,-0.129649906032035,-0.203093652291138,-0.171079276478225,-0.214261079035154,-0.218011395123033,-0.165671718081381,-0.2047890591582,-0.164100911162859,-0.112453548032558,-0.117612298178963,-0.213432470738307,-0.112185557684395,-0.108669583458114,-0.138622312259579,-0.214254195433049,-0.209106928233398,-0.206397423421314,-0.116024868392574,-0.167283379450459,-0.217663194321292,-0.109501188791988,-0.176383369188199,-0.110518794134445,-0.187321706797935,-0.222932656068565,-0.129728631814621,-0.21303444625972,-0.19377784556737,-0.204639133665875,-0.182115119108882,-0.168770037542937,-0.215662863922738,-0.208413263409847,-0.211716604999261,-0.202208282332042,-0.220920713357672,-0.106768963966846,-0.103884380186351,-0.14157223608383,-0.20785725181286,-0.20911447771816,-0.151123397940662,-0.190158797544394,-0.223531599608732,-0.214050951034093,-0.149875740312768,-0.181619194369979,-0.123407990089728,-0.163896490770057,-0.15343087683353,-0.176040523786288,-0.210327489417203,-0.211032099128725,-0.208940337993268,-0.104251317111367,-0.198674008543497,-0.110574742661357,-0.175884267636282,-0.155846100546585,-0.147697648935691,-0.107180834061563,-0.145363565988084,-0.216755879368853,-0.184400539539644,-0.167444738991344,-0.170361957481256,-0.21546647067648,-0.211756694039108,-0.216305440637227,-0.216121466060622,-0.204025044550793,-0.134756200464981,-0.187857278510498,-0.19475482624145,-0.199297607502507,-0.105191579602787,-0.203662134445878,-0.104736006921878,-0.120845297324281,-0.104360211746378,-0.156955385618022,-0.113609833306506,-0.191633172052808,-0.120479672820842,-0.21977878658504,-0.218869274890827,-0.208608084201122,-0.205864021216711,-0.120197847773938,-0.106460951517697,-0.185403507463507,-0.144057149628056,-0.142452789883511,-0.216845339956623,-0.139046718627106,-0.163807951087359,-0.211587680969678,-0.122177109376715,-0.123014331266141,-0.118253300764078,-0.185284776414221,-0.222993587055942,-0.21429628221916,-0.198608227356231,-0.119661666491756,-0.146053873790296,-0.11995527552026,-0.124576778885838,-0.11778303944407,-0.107016168206075,-0.221286727277709,-0.184073825576158,-0.121237463919763,-0.112973567046892,-0.127427965734176,-0.133485155798508,-0.122687969680917,-0.121871264207385,-0.215059490138903,-0.157578882422159,-0.188657846951526,-0.217314207852146,-0.166515595973333,-0.154577070691956,-0.109118990644176,-0.169099217983104,-0.128742087703658,-0.154625826677671,-0.159622167428536,-0.121145239264514,-0.215975222835543,-0.169355943345373,-0.130591265624987,-0.222344575334011,-0.135828334329404,-0.155416133262616,-0.1799888711001,-0.187174312729262,-0.12386984798442,-0.201454516412091,-0.221569652428828,-0.135968340506617,-0.109304242297551,-0.192856438580157,-0.187146763038114,-0.102359292308144,-0.222242881761691,-0.159621310804255,-0.10596459321758,-0.183495899740497,-0.21820034446637,-0.114800127254505,-0.215949387816191,-0.135211348654764,-0.209277684779283,-0.189770478718828,-0.221170201959468,-0.220202935146632,-0.208496284424128,-0.106480492202893,-0.187485040786944,-0.169850826762699,-0.215870070364099,-0.187866446171161,-0.1763455256218,-0.11753605465306,-0.135998327582102,-0.120952529600469,-0.1777277587598,-0.199574906392451,-0.128787613567537,-0.220845337271536,-0.106543342873869,-0.183470159779891,-0.103611047343478,-0.218698012495277,-0.166648932496926,-0.115787253806079,-0.149012593544338,-0.16672079446437,-0.1484068097523,-0.218747320792943,-0.132827879625138,-0.197938334948584,-0.159912470642524,-0.103674653749971,-0.15863584236636,-0.126664404768538,-0.179524578066302,-0.137256783245914,-0.152250472034113,-0.168317808277581,-0.21810730664905,-0.210586471857416,-0.214096836584255,-0.218960353977824,-0.157953117568094,-0.133491219961073,-0.167940300659994,-0.218847793857798,-0.21207867544844,-0.174829911612084,-0.116832270578956,-0.106303511462683,-0.123137003702763,-0.111486604199681,-0.187989206842162,-0.203876639856437,-0.216878134259777,-0.123093060589653,-0.157260627263008,-0.130238020853721,-0.190175332984954,-0.222270970973851,-0.168422489846732,-0.121975098303096,-0.169505962448569,-0.21451318513269,-0.105609082242656,-0.171763311522419,-0.170690815866536,-0.15826258323127,-0.108676284057051,-0.124530306223733,-0.135772394311601,-0.193200608984074,-0.110443366888944,-0.144126904915081,-0.121432049486827,-0.107456468127428,-0.107684790576937,-0.217204884042675,-0.195558587143112,-0.18822349103402,-0.167095396885557,-0.120316181037152,-0.167864355135618,-0.112759414359918,-0.12933546935972,-0.136905143278081,-0.175366722747648,-0.213413328998482,-0.208790310775338,-0.114580070097985,-0.214691201981077,-0.141011341818094,-0.105165358295176,-0.133932238161083,-0.138729137702629,-0.184106950110957,-0.184805033541543,-0.134226849403001,-0.212683541678844,-0.182832650825018,-0.103400022139831,-0.220596640360778,-0.131044332441065,-0.135403746929498,-0.132830296036186,-0.207971965566341,-0.129448967583582,-0.220117943439864,-0.187752357733872,-0.222100282759754,-0.157353808698582,-0.218204061855094,-0.221179520773912,-0.149894169183867,-0.198226944988433,-0.157074529780645,-0.111055944255522,-0.130185529392622,-0.193976095630934,-0.154504362859864,-0.135705816827355,-0.111460013000222,-0.121443283140237,-0.216211192962719,-0.117448304617019,-0.120217038044516,-0.115318335517084,-0.202537756902408,-0.127964601760095,-0.115462260850945,-0.128641949882381,-0.110784479092274,-0.128155080163764,-0.11259006888283,-0.136024428097766,-0.125581069673341,-0.206886873663234,-0.210681347456994,-0.122067759294923,-0.203506013865994,-0.219376742403334,-0.159006817610731,-0.112937555369223,-0.215917816172145,-0.16984459692885,-0.181731016351424,-0.175081753901482,-0.190186354417458,-0.172955184205206,-0.201587385785002,-0.19081494970317,-0.216756935846237,-0.120730024150383,-0.138766536903817,-0.124764046689739,-0.16984562971488,-0.140552006598314,-0.109102856077231,-0.159308588132991,-0.139626475850727,-0.206278616651475,-0.141583960812073,-0.22092082952325,-0.221598586164402,-0.178962646306269,-0.102510009329516,-0.114164538981099,-0.13033727500454,-0.175236229561001,-0.215252859957643,-0.109473169447385,-0.149248332770027,-0.160158713397617,-0.205507349912085,-0.175755876024917,-0.214452023973161,-0.221415051344566,-0.196385019083876,-0.175255993126208,-0.125828336750126,-0.194672687177781,-0.110525094052929,-0.119616732328707,-0.21848630156189,-0.204134023202695,-0.135363666354781,-0.13007519980062,-0.176435752179176,-0.130561298164496,-0.118771392226195,-0.219903692944439,-0.112891924149655,-0.107001688593665,-0.183581313326612,-0.139806617948232,-0.168047484692561,-0.193302409229249,-0.128907903115621,-0.139542763755089,-0.104218494985148,-0.129045657653069,-0.183573321255881,-0.160177294445323,-0.104572573243488,-0.173230632560721,-0.127984923839442,-0.132600101009268,-0.176973035476301,-0.185984327703267,-0.222712600410195,-0.198940176520009,-0.155391545238908,-0.177603270819403,-0.196555431980891,-0.196675212199911,-0.119363466994755,-0.218137448915713,-0.184004138800494,-0.217306482404204,-0.201983847892018,-0.158647282731498,-0.170868916721068,-0.117422590639362,-0.10615321373214,-0.145617586047707,-0.185967966619531,-0.117773517060038,-0.108957191696435,-0.205718936954074,-0.112707338947371,-0.222772803313671,-0.121805441621026,-0.176568032984054,-0.125316042210642,-0.181053068511911,-0.1418897088407,-0.202610544653153,-0.14038700711881,-0.126086554025186,-0.167789990452027,-0.142951429764684,-0.103403686043849,-0.166924459641475,-0.110354661717823,-0.146133791623743,-0.190978033452362,-0.131666100022657,-0.154563911454713,-0.139998507756166,-0.219956243218619,-0.158865985468317,-0.185531284807967,-0.117898569831399,-0.124056750517078,-0.155969683327494,-0.196889482840961,-0.108008232158484,-0.180543526794305,-0.128775257499378,-0.182682367480928,-0.221441096166488,-0.207880494207673,-0.162750329648951,-0.190155452054881,-0.187749997022111,-0.150223546953976,-0.123807576175347,-0.103218275355751,-0.118779076299824,-0.219601191640334,-0.143273852454336,-0.208863115517065,-0.133319864007846,-0.215119596585618,-0.184901328624051,-0.124854618083866,-0.102734234548328,-0.216634816518951,-0.145852873848462,-0.121511261764575,-0.112061038897173,-0.223194149661554,-0.175005728936419,-0.143215671059387,-0.223198843226979,-0.132125599301154,-0.192921688901624,-0.181543584766338,-0.127961075503482,-0.13079559945639,-0.155990968677785,-0.122756647636652,-0.217571807756785,-0.113046510329736,-0.107620723178046,-0.182198114102963,-0.104854472432414,-0.156282877144651,-0.140623334451085,-0.168155566356286,-0.123792601381702,-0.223016446789248,-0.17869144255197,-0.103268329261161,-0.106597346680347,-0.159659986809434,-0.115925566051163,-0.108319460547429,-0.169156603604697,-0.218919452293254,-0.128449972686673,-0.104883800704194,-0.111026773638781,-0.187514096625542,-0.113765725167207,-0.138295755851926,-0.144125570035623,-0.116607533134693,-0.20186897554267,-0.115976921506124,-0.105987607827831,-0.202035066234115,-0.178340498568948,-0.160482917915784,-0.206451403703073,-0.131096694464518,-0.111410321871784,-0.204468180115948,-0.111616761974325,-0.212649513688575,-0.21633863795685,-0.143175800122872,-0.118227648322104,-0.107536407182472,-0.123486443077866,-0.134354608773686,-0.16440085329953,-0.144157812149907,-0.105001860591909,-0.137762537483737,-0.169346062010612,-0.137495728714013,-0.203074289907476,-0.190098143704979,-0.186004122286605,-0.159863723547699,-0.116955609516729,-0.122271210448693,-0.123592015932383,-0.193100703847241,-0.196961557041267,-0.165644229536073,-0.215452362657564,-0.204350226123294,-0.104329388889739,-0.140451379840827,-0.106232272530157,-0.127192784972457,-0.105630843671348,-0.193217970511874,-0.128922124545395,-0.122736683842301,-0.105907795083907,-0.128069463627206,-0.167368335787116,-0.11595818447043,-0.113292192354767,-0.172485112679139,-0.13404571299907,-0.192772613387225,-0.11902422945421,-0.163284555195719,-0.111472326771235,-0.120392691010885,-0.131399703538148,-0.213939928924065,-0.127318867998138,-0.216214037386939,-0.112281227630131,-0.158351451874698,-0.11596110388305,-0.114670684076613,-0.116454519998925,-0.116720456236871,-0.121870669583,-0.189653918928185,-0.107094082930006,-0.164462515479213,-0.216329425562462,-0.111276873869389,-0.117860399206642,-0.159204257932037,-0.118641283050356,-0.127163207031988,-0.172137827418717,-0.18852639787019,-0.135702585636633,-0.217179373918872,-0.118933847221958,-0.126960497933874,-0.191011332052421,-0.124810334910819,-0.202995549205182,-0.125158886600152,-0.151131546982378,-0.130845788424809,-0.160765442627493,-0.209270618198315,-0.208863914381158,-0.12596363555558,-0.212562784556227,-0.183295595369177,-0.202847133640111,-0.206838834498376,-0.191006539538292,-0.192317025527081,-0.109917946792923,-0.127280400000246,-0.106716607742695,-0.159919949058436,-0.112638565387085,-0.216404789911123,-0.206141815660505,-0.128246901894394,-0.125876850804171,-0.105034125313438,-0.123349231131874,-0.104810685692145,-0.215914103241505,-0.10229867713953,-0.150340608667554,-0.152323482566221,-0.17282034129405,-0.124186458095096,-0.143434656063737,-0.120840414342379,-0.103868236871542,-0.163581588342817,-0.214525241019737,-0.186757135345539,-0.204219182178289,-0.101951095937094,-0.13821129121051,-0.174289584296167,-0.114414741066897,-0.107384953542983,-0.145686812325783,-0.102854825720001,-0.139091246745609,-0.120497877067629,-0.186473208561575,-0.165059567654355,-0.2124543561287,-0.121191655655667,-0.107289575880041,-0.217694195171077,-0.212880344734877,-0.205159270774255,-0.117780318131428,-0.108480202227002,-0.135707664165551,-0.109816056769257,-0.177621552546501,-0.172049227053272,-0.124089490131266,-0.153554136985801,-0.203953319970759,-0.113618303914823,-0.193492319940958,-0.167385363324907,-0.117427636398645,-0.104541171712626,-0.11304109770808,-0.131823824904263,-0.218355541345142,-0.211211781115985,-0.210490103024058,-0.105360641248861,-0.124112578600988,-0.172278239100082,-0.208361311983163,-0.123884366350293,-0.169336366422027,-0.21174078895594,-0.208344048288329,-0.119535583047347,-0.177526523017921,-0.196254749158548,-0.104564268963609,-0.207147555046137,-0.217676015527012,-0.192858311970759,-0.157656100990612,-0.206036131549917,-0.214325692617016,-0.138739278283155,-0.121670073035449,-0.107187433537511,-0.139752844789226,-0.202600232657973,-0.13899083745685,-0.200456782971693,-0.125211556107901,-0.219623868880792,-0.189071767531132,-0.1239439111418,-0.113409592889983,-0.216579790632905,-0.208160945983479,-0.155916310587244,-0.108703872505896,-0.164716533578927,-0.208712370287251,-0.167065908881597,-0.113295617158791,-0.18655252230926,-0.159933404483085,-0.107886088747783,-0.148439523837762,-0.175913346602956,-0.17065467465225,-0.156506328574013,-0.218365498425156,-0.208748273544032,-0.125066359990988,-0.173257677447168,-0.178441774357103,-0.197353899302946,-0.130564091052927,-0.18920130841873,-0.194033694624349,-0.106378356787652,-0.172520667280288,-0.117288376474697,-0.124849474394552,-0.215649395700997,-0.10706838992863,-0.123237025136262,-0.190313658232201,-0.193695976159291,-0.123942453593146,-0.1326227591458,-0.129336223944832,-0.168984210001446,-0.111779481942799,-0.12778142367168,-0.211866187891472,-0.12114803537102,-0.143747385374848,-0.131042016095016,-0.126359112908993,-0.18623383946573,-0.139919694348568,-0.103145144666001,-0.195033317555461,-0.106319170430612,-0.158323814315593,-0.219213030306853,-0.194860306852918,-0.115972099512294,-0.119882660171691,-0.123970949374396,-0.127642879803941,-0.137223754820276,-0.204989088342005,-0.214831534341915,-0.175561900150461,-0.185387466111744,-0.222725468441611,-0.196672006472373,-0.121497360576455,-0.117199817262631,-0.194574628995426,-0.141973668040391,-0.111456862362271,-0.218587135951033,-0.217076484461253,-0.115444907405149,-0.195122129652087,-0.216852330820622,-0.189185419165777,-0.147060406361317,-0.129362185853286,-0.218564789793415,-0.191141948999751,-0.211732719699366,-0.138523870175298,-0.187279864801722,-0.217873044336446,-0.116011169176124,-0.107512835168408,-0.184088388020985,-0.115567324389711,-0.171895474014269,-0.106741606598778,-0.11140957095943,-0.12685380144017,-0.116403378996776,-0.186623955196254,-0.105450305473188,-0.17234513222543,-0.152092262038715,-0.112149220364435,-0.216647266627001,-0.118512135385957,-0.208569243264388,-0.144964628481157,-0.159672571171664,-0.104025881965168,-0.179037625826167,-0.212920832480863,-0.220185047049073,-0.222450485927993,-0.102537399910316,-0.213952400672723,-0.219798938415011,-0.188787347011693,-0.137050873729177,-0.21486331776355,-0.214927112939307,-0.115234711362017,-0.113977503628956,-0.174648268809585,-0.109134299090497,-0.127845819463233,-0.108552857007235,-0.132848704517696,-0.113811710207431,-0.131285100805575,-0.215458104327284,-0.125462970227204,-0.169968458386961,-0.108683705046022,-0.218494458503554,-0.113571809092738,-0.214828167640721,-0.183380779622724,-0.222973998026473,-0.176007936429625,-0.133449606450701,-0.111212695926271,-0.217634041605461,-0.113478985904558,-0.102668345087187,-0.105238170618532,-0.10954156720054,-0.206904416106567,-0.177920977293663,-0.139130064993968,-0.210055136840936,-0.103725870084498,-0.216690414335756,-0.166425696021639,-0.105608381649904,-0.200486810939349,-0.110014576101845,-0.11852772362259,-0.130057479126878,-0.135547445244033,-0.178228514074573,-0.108615212557586,-0.175970118807003,-0.160277966994986,-0.191077017540479,-0.176754598271299,-0.186458857778478,-0.122774245072646,-0.112142448877716,-0.10803418884996,-0.130911527112106,-0.15333312186726,-0.122289916614113,-0.177644713482425,-0.184909402739625,-0.220686596728412,-0.199724338082094,-0.138864549150389,-0.122291067780042,-0.189781989324065,-0.182891815920707,-0.217794232141275,-0.166055009237619,-0.213649842562778,-0.128174101212164,-0.210530792379985,-0.223052356903885,-0.218464709702358,-0.116134200857198,-0.216668692897739,-0.117034496491952,-0.21678322281608,-0.105083071171848,-0.187018546867803,-0.186613744607296,-0.103593369414797,-0.156033923726056,-0.21742131619662,-0.212758860089816,-0.206300097149612,-0.103479810609989,-0.130171715928514,-0.10603192721734,-0.215555599177456,-0.213977474994019,-0.116555531575521,-0.165081322208961,-0.103911018728239,-0.131655278905012,-0.193125827375388,-0.103402686272968,-0.124517093489729,-0.112569995256407,-0.218149486952655,-0.194410524073809,-0.208181618227927,-0.119753239727855,-0.125412320809092,-0.116631480739614,-0.108782015564967,-0.114049128873507,-0.123367657946002,-0.171021672964575,-0.173401383100869,-0.216410650939286,-0.186798718055882,-0.109738436752319,-0.117324715877129,-0.218495853427043,-0.167728958994525,-0.122480398713745,-0.21882966338791,-0.179073434085578,-0.205685758381097,-0.205046576737313,-0.194585679291936,-0.1928563783338,-0.221677575362613,-0.213873420463115,-0.194669032424554,-0.152103895826887,-0.187407330404205,-0.209967605605787,-0.10692879530116,-0.103921268822314,-0.170954272094116,-0.106146173892504,-0.217662502187271,-0.114141110737575,-0.119516765275946,-0.220421295453545,-0.212196560739595,-0.218833123531004,-0.221079761902779,-0.195401306226287,-0.15450159260175,-0.195483958263434,-0.132930047809139,-0.213331673923677,-0.217767276476162,-0.212252467869792,-0.114022578422885,-0.158140087479761,-0.125046351206996,-0.158773709271984,-0.132679783417806,-0.134232164975213,-0.137175813781474,-0.196638496761337,-0.216384032716088,-0.113133600175647,-0.178575101445438,-0.102896840150941,-0.216532056336762,-0.131067413252343,-0.222611370352563,-0.177557028619427,-0.192992450535998,-0.157184180034606,-0.177878987385884,-0.172704344064753,-0.135578540382322,-0.171127854009811,-0.15464526239893,-0.191923404676277,-0.119282558608064,-0.132174864741975,-0.143828820350587,-0.170873813851668,-0.207331184006093,-0.215161284995848,-0.208336582484048,-0.219164732632289,-0.208607534286996,-0.113028485831106,-0.15777824105677,-0.219838384691307,-0.16589861849824,-0.13013789529814,-0.163810390707558,-0.178316891478667,-0.107961610081382,-0.175577675851891,-0.103553328247868,-0.212231398079658,-0.128029420578299,-0.20937039375058,-0.210952711371716,-0.190520764012042,-0.198097195408817,-0.14562865415876,-0.113706324920958,-0.152342176282691,-0.213439148981282,-0.139089489917137,-0.120468752152836,-0.145721677981036,-0.128101096529396,-0.130974909112506,-0.142817991816934,-0.22018518182588,-0.215755565784242,-0.144159955010835,-0.136260851953929,-0.135614295434965,-0.130980127332488,-0.107380037110956,-0.130255728613485,-0.117135029842619,-0.189276274853338,-0.207154429566639,-0.182871060596971,-0.132721903563732,-0.11720762421727,-0.175933321038691,-0.21943623722822,-0.219159322015494,-0.128320945045235,-0.187941595969122,-0.205644131520765,-0.127696947950955,-0.200060736508068,-0.193365675027937,-0.119549319779024,-0.147335830404002,-0.167397224262983,-0.12328554638976,-0.118004958576711,-0.107025506554751,-0.11074240588134,-0.106842008012688,-0.222520048915852,-0.217623188603202,-0.219990600565042,-0.216482470709622,-0.192319845090302,-0.127608098858712,-0.199974278687458,-0.125944574812517,-0.209654354323877,-0.177300159228774,-0.204773852160025,-0.218858158786546,-0.17763101615564,-0.131288187231228,-0.124321242758188,-0.118121140656913,-0.196860127203889,-0.155451581247039,-0.210987578739213,-0.137482062149586,-0.194304068219544,-0.133924937095307,-0.139267529616972,-0.119610851456612,-0.202026921882626,-0.155248338339107,-0.124100827934572,-0.162609937694609,-0.122912586306255,-0.118168887908049,-0.195540634341391,-0.13651326768255,-0.215151822574669,-0.20688103426574,-0.156666115671497,-0.126579437300291,-0.148120637458563,-0.136586993399983,-0.167630106877141,-0.131153406987038,-0.110105879923731,-0.1378797404087,-0.144237869631821,-0.218495060162641,-0.134198978937699,-0.12161878181137,-0.126701306791576,-0.130788840763703,-0.123899088604975,-0.21648796942044,-0.213854831467058,-0.123219943441307,-0.143461127724815,-0.212194997809749,-0.132931961219726,-0.128194499981266,-0.113898344279006,-0.129693015681917,-0.187948195033975,-0.217982699033337,-0.177817787470987,-0.211449656000415,-0.133852552877959,-0.133863684741654,-0.129556016930878,-0.144488264586158,-0.129835564865626,-0.188814892272389,-0.19502631945689,-0.117673721203059,-0.215695719222097,-0.105628173056135,-0.216156670317486,-0.212628750290643,-0.195359677596631,-0.180416891261084,-0.176420994466135,-0.124656528943686,-0.102759404021692,-0.129422228311002,-0.154427730623651,-0.122312302017011,-0.148450742408609,-0.188982389001327,-0.128101294439474,-0.11959737434211,-0.104576523519587,-0.192920343327448,-0.219195123214755,-0.116801068985591,-0.133933028059315,-0.216482662062753,-0.129720701430731,-0.192269202628426,-0.106423132197294,-0.125981948624646,-0.136330009869155,-0.174724507469183,-0.142232515834607,-0.176567725480003,-0.214989245108336,-0.114804190742489,-0.164647596326087,-0.105545415979512,-0.1862788921644,-0.117965118911294,-0.21683265192524,-0.122042927391153,-0.199040561983721,-0.120824292925928,-0.221519633807767,-0.108935192655476,-0.214091613356302,-0.10415737722767,-0.1083356295451,-0.135210098229691,-0.125002561892593,-0.220000959833911,-0.175787893102702,-0.103810269840749,-0.118433481996745,-0.216724629849525,-0.219570169850888,-0.131950866533764,-0.134307561529802,-0.21369003136996,-0.141913464874333,-0.15945227520613,-0.113223191084076,-0.13194996105702,-0.10281789593333,-0.105176032795699,-0.182824521962866,-0.206504591374176,-0.108525894933771,-0.112853640190359,-0.128342950984443,-0.12245950015163,-0.210616328917455,-0.214033112819098,-0.151356567840265,-0.223561852974614,-0.211497358962473,-0.21588562495588,-0.214006695624661,-0.108051375642149,-0.129407574456012,-0.140621963568002,-0.125183389013169,-0.214151986075107,-0.120395766667133,-0.21525268850542,-0.203982624168269,-0.124913144645818,-0.183672622911135,-0.216115384575469,-0.21816305852676,-0.134579652955895,-0.12338474096988,-0.133913707386119,-0.212209838537045,-0.112801325640842,-0.116736173099933,-0.186868274307815,-0.116117757832572,-0.208465254008994,-0.144327494644213,-0.163638029472003,-0.133922884548051,-0.125351335897971,-0.215995617340827,-0.142508770810744,-0.119444924180787,-0.197569226509063,-0.192545395392826,-0.188722812266415,-0.162937018617559,-0.142764714352947,-0.176435921110876,-0.221770879763655,-0.135976877461934,-0.116040191248702,-0.153458221732061,-0.135812297642894,-0.101776593087221,-0.188613678973593,-0.21715985941227,-0.209630969738822,-0.106563684424713,-0.105113516638184,-0.1420338109791,-0.103285391471803,-0.188268064183621,-0.213501031908832,-0.135294676321851,-0.125501663422361,-0.21254302819119,-0.144827765513143,-0.117047128303323,-0.117717667720459,-0.134626340619635,-0.164637288214637,-0.110315266188329,-0.221363482732717,-0.134042622063078,-0.127561759473301,-0.156157233995011,-0.184232170866935,-0.215253599272504,-0.12263807868021,-0.134048020730263,-0.11412574361942,-0.175210019997297,-0.13738150941487,-0.116422904238649,-0.108866778005412,-0.209373639746457,-0.130480962660167,-0.125545373503594,-0.221892278210264,-0.222230712203786,-0.211635073972687,-0.109664052783091,-0.13789039333958,-0.106965737596873,-0.110774184790419,-0.198395108020443,-0.107668499213442,-0.157567918758679,-0.1280070952722,-0.201955816989698,-0.150745156282298,-0.139938219492931,-0.218713649461921,-0.137811018234963,-0.119541231906716,-0.176868887069533,-0.169771333809702,-0.127263293245584,-0.217491760578005,-0.21630052454886,-0.203596359723773,-0.122309625342764,-0.193001918805379,-0.189922945193859,-0.204296746912111,-0.17371775957769,-0.155721489681426,-0.169022863591464,-0.209547019885765,-0.22086428607538,-0.135404643558258,-0.179904803507993,-0.211095948832104,-0.142657952043502,-0.198652331679136,-0.104339771074941,-0.199414652656257,-0.157662573709443,-0.215192527704911,-0.216536373729246,-0.104379728272701,-0.111473080542341,-0.203589268115822,-0.206918720972803,-0.205579216544636,-0.131281031163786,-0.207280109932499,-0.216636134397881,-0.212863640648998,-0.122540456592422,-0.113863129856469,-0.205471428235779,-0.13709869234651,-0.178657736303311,-0.191857434821021,-0.111117386460474,-0.103900954913026,-0.215479097316813,-0.161464550669292,-0.168284236851485,-0.161382029453874,-0.127006904665336,-0.11561106602058,-0.10430787572871,-0.219933309027305,-0.162341256536888,-0.124338417157255,-0.169323730988802,-0.158162952035481,-0.104778720416827,-0.119988431351535,-0.186092128667084,-0.10323607958968,-0.169907204504315,-0.111647116807226,-0.191685039928701,-0.199414633452373,-0.205060870407775,-0.116498780643698,-0.208881240649005,-0.217268839405114,-0.217452435114849,-0.203268299548632,-0.214424311865345,-0.198989371935215,-0.10585299387892,-0.127290758643631,-0.163220549089815,-0.21919113879041,-0.170877708104067,-0.131150270526189,-0.185163598377692,-0.187635813839261,-0.200750461149773,-0.11570601232535,-0.195273152469572,-0.212778805079343,-0.127887953515029,-0.170916069216494,-0.205433365418633,-0.196507434656529,-0.128151156798171,-0.20161251117466,-0.221788629944844,-0.148543712083559,-0.217765039439894,-0.18155472849611,-0.114501366251139,-0.140718886806751,-0.163819361777321,-0.122051601879088,-0.160838565655481,-0.134379548682971,-0.193016438508971,-0.194550669074442,-0.204545583766531,-0.119396594108284,-0.207254659903614,-0.184990060781237,-0.216140361012159,-0.110551448796444,-0.11493521430791,-0.202884744455246,-0.191192662013544,-0.207611990136776,-0.112465029049,-0.106298733361127,-0.118581137692653,-0.2012436771788,-0.173512147510068,-0.19174731988945,-0.205179428411089,-0.110825126666512,-0.122326775285225,-0.174572764765814,-0.107004891234588,-0.106279527075933,-0.146331180935981,-0.213941163559305,-0.125047491590681,-0.21647864940084,-0.204522802800754,-0.222011684300847,-0.170916919340104,-0.129067557425218,-0.184736083237745,-0.136412078894904,-0.21271078885268,-0.121316718206091,-0.188175254373671,-0.112339355563978,-0.213701165539218,-0.17073456668582,-0.1914534742388,-0.205443235198962,-0.16053708053324,-0.178244334067443,-0.218892455849741,-0.125802021196231,-0.201675017439291,-0.202589345417744,-0.216784095219696,-0.136565550907124,-0.127049126308043,-0.128221428419605,-0.114848032633403,-0.217168043554028,-0.146621997637507,-0.169972159010928,-0.185556658858957,-0.106628502873167,-0.121258992218921,-0.133302824075455,-0.150816931493741,-0.106113549457066,-0.106280529504824,-0.221312743847132,-0.218180475315802,-0.20548911090442,-0.186188974657267,-0.115357490703251,-0.208964054527687,-0.110449967792578,-0.139086779305771,-0.216998667862309,-0.206160469684418,-0.202062415892519,-0.122545015836451,-0.116811644910557,-0.135586466312082,-0.172830362792417,-0.203387103311395,-0.169758585103512,-0.172850466713194,-0.209821090162769,-0.176612619491259,-0.21597555762673,-0.184684073529264,-0.141406024564855,-0.182639639055492,-0.216651872504469,-0.172399734942533,-0.206559837747909,-0.129243796390591,-0.108621616880503,-0.125703524720488,-0.172789967017429,-0.203998376847543,-0.219916762461185,-0.219685587325079,-0.188656412467552,-0.216567138530552,-0.222633781548928,-0.169832423147935,-0.134090180210503,-0.187304485612601,-0.103838516849227,-0.207983058929194,-0.105764986011723,-0.107166777449789,-0.200195453509748,-0.125396752035355,-0.109285261895422,-0.12386068226772,-0.198293331136767,-0.20635130183397,-0.157070144866927,-0.212275948424853,-0.177269399905076,-0.207099261945548,-0.215480381824799,-0.11815393586109,-0.114080982881745,-0.112662500618897,-0.174969304592654,-0.175014756020742,-0.115790010300409,-0.117179877378922,-0.208856417517474,-0.117663419123748,-0.108400871187598,-0.180555389741885,-0.111157735557931,-0.174181344540372,-0.132760181452502,-0.1314945950855,-0.217569673413409,-0.199729528112533,-0.187002276169825,-0.199718653747775],10,null,null,{"lineCap":null,"lineJoin":null,"clickable":true,"pointerEvents":null,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"#03F","weight":5,"opacity":0.5,"fill":true,"fillColor":"#03F","fillOpacity":0.2,"dashArray":null},null,null,null,null,null,null]}],"limits":{"lat":[51.4850374895674,51.5179211340471],"lng":[-0.223836139825007,-0.101359641961766]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
An improvement is visible but it's still difficult to interpret. To
identify crime hotspots, geographical areas of higher than average
crime, kernel density estimation (KDE) or chloropleth maps may produce a
more useful output.

Kernel Density Estimation (KDE) is a way to estimate the probability
density function of a random variable, inferences about the population
are made based on a finite data sample. This method requires the
`sp`,`KernSmooth` and `leaflet` packages. The latitude and longitude for
bicycle thefts are saved in a separate dataframe. KDE is carried out
using bkde2D() with the dataframe, bandwidth and gridsize as input. The
contour lines created are then converted to spatial polygons.

    latlong <- select(bike, longitude, latitude)
    kde <- bkde2D(latlong,
                  bandwidth=c(.0055, .0048), gridsize = c(75,75))
    cl <- contourLines(kde$x1 , kde$x2 , kde$fhat)
    levs <- as.factor(sapply(cl, `[[`, "level"))
    nlev <- length(levels(levs))
    pgons <- lapply(1:length(cl), function(i) Polygons(list(Polygon(cbind(CL[[i]]$x, CL[[i]]$y))), ID=i))
    spgons <- SpatialPolygons(pgons)
    leaflet(spgons) %>% addTiles() %>%
      addPolygons(color = heat.colors(nlev, NULL)[levs])

This heat map shows a concentration of bicycle thefts in Covent Garden
and on the South Bank, two of the most popular tourist areas in London.
Whilst this method communicates the information effectively, it would be
far more valuable if it covered a larger area. Weakness of KDE include
the smooth which occurs between areas and crimes indicated in areas
where it is not possible for crimes to occur \[1\].

#### 6.2 Inner Boroughs 2016 Dataset

The next step is to carry out analysis of the 2016 datasets.

    crime16 <- readRDS("crime16.rds")
    monthlycrime16 <- readRDS("monthlycrime16.rds")
    seasonalcrime16 <- readRDS("seasonalcrime16.rds")

To continue with the KDE map creation process, bicycle theft will be
repeated again using the more extensive dataset.

    bike16 <- crime16 %>%
      filter(crime_type == 'bicycle-theft')

    for(i in 1:length(bike16$latitude)){
      bike16$longitude[i] <- bike16$longitude[i]+runif(1,0.001,0.004)
      bike16$latitude[i] <- bike16$latitude[i]+runif(1,0.001,0.004)}

    latlong <- select(bike16, longitude, latitude)
    kde <- bkde2D(latlong,
                  bandwidth=c(.0055, .0048), gridsize = c(75,75))
    cl <- contourLines(kde$x1 , kde$x2 , kde$fhat)
    levs <- as.factor(sapply(cl, `[[`, "level"))
    nlevs <- length(levels(levs))
    pgons <- lapply(1:length(cl), function(i)
      Polygons(list(Polygon(cbind(cl[[i]]$x, cl[[i]]$y))), ID=i))
    spgons = SpatialPolygons(pgons)

    leaflet(spgons) %>% addTiles() %>%
      addPolygons(color = heat.colors(nlevs, NULL)[levs])

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-1aa4efa318fafcac30d8">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addTiles","args":["//{s}.tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png",null,null,{"minZoom":0,"maxZoom":18,"maxNativeZoom":null,"tileSize":256,"subdomains":"abc","errorTileUrl":"","tms":false,"continuousWorld":false,"noWrap":false,"zoomOffset":0,"zoomReverse":false,"opacity":1,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false,"attribution":"&copy; <a href=\"http://openstreetmap.org\">OpenStreetMap<\/a> contributors, <a href=\"http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/\">CC-BY-SA<\/a>"}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-0.243889832270752,-0.245700928337844,-0.247250884955369,-0.248501012067585,-0.249157527377674,-0.249060535443047,-0.248203027918041,-0.246588868869324,-0.244135894249822,-0.243889832270752,-0.241241511314365,-0.23857876888696,-0.236365472469488,-0.233267705503169,-0.229870107628852,-0.227956642119378,-0.225229597918665,-0.222645578735586,-0.22208205802929,-0.220140061465688,-0.217821083026739,-0.217334515351795,-0.215053456204601,-0.212023451968004,-0.209787852247166,-0.206712388584212,-0.201401325200421,-0.198149265553626,-0.196407415135952,-0.196393648804755,-0.196792811778604,-0.197221387437921,-0.19740858803961,-0.196854445676632,-0.19609026181663,-0.191688288809662,-0.190779198432838,-0.185468135049047,-0.180157071665256,-0.174846008281464,-0.172969409320798,-0.169534944897673,-0.166155420475745,-0.164223881513882,-0.15891281813009,-0.153601754746299,-0.152179113659945,-0.149337181826308,-0.148290691362508,-0.146934983486075,-0.144036685022158,-0.142979627978716,-0.140186328705358,-0.137668564594925,-0.133275956186035,-0.132357501211134,-0.127046437827343,-0.121735374443551,-0.11642431105976,-0.111113247675969,-0.105802184292177,-0.100491120908386,-0.099731976244788,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0898689941408033,-0.084557930757012,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0783173280138525,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0686247406056381,-0.06422248679047,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0569176634261238,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0516495178834752,-0.0480873117614555,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0450337414431118,-0.0426453654296115,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0397087851820258,-0.0370418636879559,-0.0367583603028901,-0.0337370177787868,-0.0314472969190988,-0.0309501389014987,-0.0280627146161202,-0.0261362335353075,-0.0255097861852672,-0.0217291463782935,-0.0208251701515162,-0.0185200309464827,-0.0166804543914001,-0.0155141067677249,-0.0154957012144832,-0.0142105199280431,-0.0126897010322837,-0.0110718311564488,-0.0102030433839335,-0.00929556166936123,-0.00781907900122678,-0.00707569296597023,-0.00679233813680794,-0.00653523455380197,-0.00592075072698058,-0.00496223792922183,-0.00489198000014224,-0.00359530893669778,-0.00232009118623376,-0.00104261669985557,0.000419083383649099,0.00573014676744044,0.00618016424850281,0.0110412101512317,0.012435732627345,0.0140100443583455,0.0143113450626273,0.0132260965147073,0.0110412101512317,0.00573014676744044,0.00179311726091293,0.000419083383649099,-0.000957652405581919,-0.00171932775904408,-4.4771801759283e-05,0.000419083383649099,0.00431974607165412,0.00573014676744044,0.0079291723681908,0.00872500796133748,0.0071239075408157,0.00573014676744044,0.00464305653369722,0.00200202529143851,0.000419083383649099,-0.000719634273245974,-0.0025127919810749,-0.00298041724213897,-0.00189159795059797,-0.000559133156920443,0.000251864386897023,0.000419083383649099,0.000865689009041766,0.000595019844744127,0.000419083383649099,-0.000134283512309956,-0.00207742827718151,-0.00489198000014224,-0.00588661981151098,-0.00890384039021586,-0.0102030433839335,-0.0119686327221716,-0.0150822549813649,-0.0155141067677249,-0.0173726460141637,-0.0208251701515162,-0.0214734178716543,-0.0216154561456421,-0.0215452371107766,-0.0218268667045987,-0.0224835335043266,-0.0233104157097798,-0.0242244007283476,-0.0252450906755047,-0.0261362335353075,-0.0277104809034854,-0.0314472969190988,-0.0359063882276551,-0.0367583603028901,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0442058046008965,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0485641234142167,-0.0496605877898474,-0.0505193078287868,-0.0525182551462777,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0567400438302136,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0624526981256764,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0679047672615282,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0773322381084454,-0.0792468673732207,-0.084557930757012,-0.0858568611912934,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0906965486278202,-0.0951377442668488,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0979931244724534,-0.100209901741631,-0.100491120908386,-0.103058926096819,-0.105802184292177,-0.111113247675969,-0.111451838899315,-0.114270027235879,-0.116205052000142,-0.11642431105976,-0.118047369507921,-0.11987261543361,-0.121735374443551,-0.122027073425251,-0.124857469424265,-0.127046437827343,-0.132357501211134,-0.135513356742698,-0.137429415671212,-0.137132951465842,-0.135489322344219,-0.132947128474647,-0.132357501211134,-0.130433656541141,-0.128914884470172,-0.128120310097192,-0.128540784279297,-0.132357501211134,-0.133394292133961,-0.137668564594925,-0.137908934955542,-0.140264510971899,-0.142979627978716,-0.143911596584087,-0.147002499941215,-0.148290691362508,-0.149127910281905,-0.149858131716467,-0.150695171700673,-0.152687070682471,-0.153601754746299,-0.156161318282775,-0.15891281813009,-0.164223881513882,-0.169534944897673,-0.174401446356096,-0.174846008281464,-0.17859315218888,-0.180157071665256,-0.180294565452272,-0.181228458005507,-0.181355669058885,-0.181162068469873,-0.18220839042927,-0.185468135049047,-0.18869815081485,-0.190779198432838,-0.192774193485268,-0.195379271005937,-0.19609026181663,-0.199591880858827,-0.201401325200421,-0.206712388584212,-0.207769351718732,-0.210491113231203,-0.212023451968004,-0.214718148727152,-0.217334515351795,-0.220621845671098,-0.222645578735586,-0.22489870596274,-0.226860145753932,-0.227789909972783,-0.227956642119378,-0.228555994740329,-0.228555715157476,-0.227956642119378,-0.227646334485162,-0.226061264170425,-0.224570283786892,-0.224461388877056,-0.22562420146091,-0.227214270961762,-0.227956642119378,-0.229854875479159,-0.232892401662391,-0.233267705503169,-0.237736818037533,-0.23857876888696,-0.241746835360012,-0.243842031095195,-0.243889832270752],"lat":[51.4946859681266,51.4970034355441,51.4993979656475,51.5017924957509,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5089760860612,51.5113706161646,51.513765146268,51.5139929122466,51.5161596763714,51.5176896919149,51.5185542064749,51.5196818504697,51.5209487365783,51.5217474591386,51.5233432666817,51.525162046319,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.530526856992,51.5309288990337,51.5329213870954,51.5346995702503,51.5353159171988,51.5361242882297,51.5365814617912,51.5377104473022,51.5401049774057,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5520776279228,51.5529886642868,51.5544721580262,51.5546226569099,51.5545639540229,51.5551989340554,51.5562166070038,51.5568666881296,51.5581547562121,51.559261218233,51.5597768725352,51.5600496010495,51.5606969917916,51.5616557483365,51.5640502784399,51.5649562209015,51.5664448085433,51.5688393386467,51.5695080059071,51.5712338687501,51.5723888603811,51.5736283988536,51.5738879453929,51.5743605855008,51.574289465763,51.5747675214727,51.5752363287988,51.5752871388578,51.5758300076825,51.576022928957,51.5773732779755,51.5780383691943,51.5777480756143,51.5781956769217,51.5784174590604,51.5795127406353,51.5795603597705,51.5784174590604,51.5781828885591,51.5764898855323,51.576022928957,51.5742403506461,51.5736283988536,51.5712338687501,51.5706748765309,51.5688393386467,51.5664448085433,51.5658716359577,51.5640502784399,51.5616557483365,51.5613973450418,51.559261218233,51.5572112487361,51.5568666881296,51.5544721580262,51.5525004906939,51.5520776279228,51.5496830978193,51.549184303935,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5425352795932,51.5424995075091,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5339122244457,51.5329213870954,51.530526856992,51.5281323268885,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5184032550427,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5113706161646,51.5091618379771,51.5090928470839,51.5089760860612,51.5076567165231,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.4977143395081,51.4978772644686,51.4993979656475,51.5003302844871,51.4993979656475,51.4970034355441,51.4946089054406,51.494274029632,51.4922143753372,51.4911019426447,51.4898198452338,51.4874253151304,51.485030785027,51.4841390334886,51.4826362549235,51.4802417248201,51.4791014108941,51.4778471947167,51.4754526646133,51.4730581345098,51.4706636044064,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4645391959093,51.4634800140961,51.4610854839927,51.4607663531667,51.4586909538893,51.4562964237859,51.454665866429,51.4539018936825,51.451507363579,51.4503378266113,51.4491128334756,51.4467183033722,51.446456786194,51.4467183033722,51.4478379286271,51.4491128334756,51.451507363579,51.4539018936825,51.4562964237859,51.4586909538893,51.4610854839927,51.4634800140961,51.4658745441996,51.4674839652451,51.468269074303,51.4696792396416,51.4706636044064,51.4708098359773,51.4712804868203,51.4706636044064,51.4695420497511,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4610854839927,51.4609707126122,51.4586909538893,51.4582121738017,51.4562964237859,51.455807217123,51.4539018936825,51.4536157778186,51.4534528412941,51.4539018936825,51.4542330293022,51.4547350669984,51.4539018936825,51.4522375790775,51.451507363579,51.4491128334756,51.4490926538842,51.4467183033722,51.4443237732688,51.4439668947145,51.4419292431654,51.4405424004491,51.4397189050066,51.4395347130619,51.4371401829585,51.4347456528551,51.434519916706,51.4323511227517,51.4299565926482,51.4278529252084,51.4275620625448,51.4251675324414,51.423827201041,51.4235926356788,51.4251675324414,51.4275620625448,51.4299565926482,51.4323511227517,51.4347456528551,51.4352709892564,51.4371401829585,51.4395347130619,51.4419292431654,51.4443237732688,51.4455514725809,51.4443237732688,51.4422280606144,51.4419292431654,51.4395347130619,51.4377629849828,51.4371401829585,51.4347456528551,51.4335693801196,51.4323511227517,51.4299565926482,51.4275620625448,51.4251675324414,51.4245654138902,51.422773002338,51.4216584655365,51.4211832527461,51.4215902497123,51.422773002338,51.4228838196985,51.4251675324414,51.4273911712698,51.4275620625448,51.4299565926482,51.4323511227517,51.4347456528551,51.4371401829585,51.4379082528697,51.4395347130619,51.4405627664395,51.4419292431654,51.4443237732688,51.4451489829806,51.4467183033722,51.4480425860233,51.4483727673462,51.4491128334756,51.451507363579,51.4521527526137,51.4539018936825,51.4548752288634,51.4562964237859,51.4573948056847,51.4586909538893,51.4610854839927,51.4634800140961,51.4641698991157,51.4658745441996,51.468269074303,51.4697096825191,51.4706636044064,51.4730581345098,51.4754526646133,51.4778471947167,51.4802417248201,51.4826362549235,51.483535065323,51.485030785027,51.4874253151304,51.4877019344599,51.4898198452338,51.4903668073944,51.4922143753372,51.4946089054406,51.4946859681266]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.174846008281464,-0.175289468818101,-0.174846008281464,-0.172938984712797,-0.174846008281464],"lat":[51.4404046575019,51.4419292431654,51.442928251561,51.4419292431654,51.4404046575019]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.164223881513882,-0.168725893264935,-0.167660236052767,-0.164223881513882,-0.161721429347834,-0.15891281813009,-0.158449614381485,-0.153601754746299,-0.153335303691369,-0.151124656775174,-0.150954576726429,-0.153601754746299,-0.15891281813009,-0.162888208903034,-0.164223881513882],"lat":[51.5333764559563,51.5353159171988,51.5377104473022,51.5397294515388,51.5401049774057,51.5403477463358,51.5401049774057,51.5379154708915,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5329213870954,51.5317062357472,51.5322514618189,51.5329213870954,51.5333764559563]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.148290691362508,-0.149599649550824,-0.152289955638907,-0.148290691362508,-0.142979627978716,-0.14259743939936,-0.142979627978716,-0.144864574582823,-0.148290691362508],"lat":[51.4822854378708,51.4826362549235,51.485030785027,51.487344371623,51.485190499306,51.485030785027,51.4840281990679,51.4826362549235,51.4822854378708]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0526915504542641,-0.0541750276699379,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0435085404711788,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0526915504542641],"lat":[51.4837335949062,51.485030785027,51.4871912406789,51.486054762262,51.485030785027,51.4840145335609,51.4837335949062]}]],[[{"lng":[0.0641518439891449,0.0631301005158929,0.0606182958744962,0.059484191496181,0.059264239533333,0.0600187119709905,0.0624122722823181,0.0641518439891449,0.0694629073729363,0.0747739707567275,0.0772943832221236,0.0798969746799016,0.0800850341405189,0.0817033983347286,0.0822181915531112,0.08133016107159,0.0800850341405189,0.0787500411237488,0.0747739707567275,0.0694629073729363,0.0641518439891449],"lat":[51.4867278039352,51.4874253151304,51.4898198452338,51.4922143753372,51.4946089054406,51.4970034355441,51.4993979656475,51.5003729006556,51.5015221370578,51.5007076969882,51.4993979656475,51.4970034355441,51.4966466181803,51.4946089054406,51.4922143753372,51.4898198452338,51.4887300570044,51.4874253151304,51.4856088583402,51.4850627413494,51.4867278039352]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.243889832270752,-0.244076602013265,-0.244040656245836,-0.243889832270752,-0.24290338932342,-0.240679852716798,-0.23857876888696,-0.237040856609124,-0.233267705503169,-0.231614959379031,-0.227956642119378,-0.225545995163336,-0.222645578735586,-0.220627787267788,-0.217482915979555,-0.217334515351795,-0.215455694088271,-0.213353753595248,-0.212023451968004,-0.209848144433517,-0.206712388584212,-0.201401325200421,-0.19609026181663,-0.190779198432838,-0.185468135049047,-0.184614917597198,-0.180157071665256,-0.174846008281464,-0.169534944897673,-0.164223881513882,-0.15891281813009,-0.15639361454959,-0.153601754746299,-0.150671549761905,-0.148290691362508,-0.146370064071752,-0.145327095906945,-0.145794682095397,-0.147405698731609,-0.148290691362508,-0.150439656511457,-0.153507776445228,-0.153601754746299,-0.157012753904848,-0.15891281813009,-0.159364650787278,-0.162881260748283,-0.15891281813009,-0.158697265609941,-0.153601754746299,-0.152957529820751,-0.148290691362508,-0.147365766823858,-0.144727999336978,-0.143016364070732,-0.142979627978716,-0.140905124115203,-0.138440591106682,-0.137668564594925,-0.134280220479806,-0.132357501211134,-0.127046437827343,-0.121735374443551,-0.11642431105976,-0.111113247675969,-0.107978105626371,-0.105802184292177,-0.100491120908386,-0.0960861463856307,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0898689941408033,-0.084557930757012,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0623602353476764,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0558366162625411,-0.0526915504542641,-0.051232523954669,-0.048293267502149,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0454342027306979,-0.0427188931317477,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0397447345448658,-0.037287746410462,-0.0367583603028901,-0.0349645751285585,-0.0332753671795577,-0.0322878582778246,-0.0317953919029248,-0.0314472969190988,-0.0303995704542488,-0.0261362335353075,-0.0236076536044824,-0.0208251701515162,-0.0201542068235184,-0.0183141103569038,-0.0164525304791121,-0.0155141067677249,-0.0147974787740497,-0.0138008930156973,-0.0134972228891696,-0.0135434147927202,-0.0133205007635671,-0.012496593799238,-0.0112180265312351,-0.0102030433839335,-0.00969125837803449,-0.00824892542797215,-0.00735539650259004,-0.00705051541583652,-0.00734122210963301,-0.00829012895806142,-0.00996271613077143,-0.0102030433839335,-0.0134743119672979,-0.0155141067677249,-0.0182603069408362,-0.0208251701515162,-0.0245185061422631,-0.0261362335353075,-0.0314472969190988,-0.0317993088766095,-0.0322119979102906,-0.0326370451130994,-0.0338983175698436,-0.0367583603028901,-0.0377378066645385,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0511990257557299,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0560525215971752,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0615440643330444,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0644215171138564,-0.0671087825471929,-0.0685510166625296,-0.0666613329024602,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0622397624419077,-0.0592431003487926,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0577961116559184,-0.0571309403187016,-0.0571170845955935,-0.0577161040101798,-0.0580026138380554,-0.059925044633386,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0679673977047352,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0692458315705222,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0743523851359009,-0.0759042764424776,-0.0777690497869847,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0830891096244977,-0.084557930757012,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0955639922388839,-0.0964348746226695,-0.0965373864863455,-0.0964569444006232,-0.0969988661042569,-0.0991504918970898,-0.100491120908386,-0.105802184292177,-0.111113247675969,-0.11642431105976,-0.116565570402327,-0.121707879661911,-0.121735374443551,-0.127046437827343,-0.132357501211134,-0.137207435332344,-0.137668564594925,-0.137878677863213,-0.137837238484714,-0.138148742882694,-0.138997934820977,-0.140579686426985,-0.142979627978716,-0.143360573478873,-0.14714046622852,-0.148290691362508,-0.153290493004347,-0.153601754746299,-0.15599997758839,-0.156349856679006,-0.156618180029863,-0.157599119805016,-0.15891281813009,-0.161369713349719,-0.164223881513882,-0.169534944897673,-0.171140968446649,-0.174846008281464,-0.175658522316818,-0.17656201742944,-0.175848846737866,-0.174846008281464,-0.172370366932556,-0.169534944897673,-0.165652704395797,-0.164223881513882,-0.162007691446081,-0.161464598447398,-0.161639384660252,-0.16200996031449,-0.162393696786947,-0.16297645018149,-0.164223881513882,-0.165196877967277,-0.168983228734588,-0.169534944897673,-0.174846008281464,-0.17575507608139,-0.177650116172046,-0.179156162057892,-0.180157071665256,-0.180396143523734,-0.18183050723593,-0.184478374052544,-0.185468135049047,-0.186422292847231,-0.190234589458152,-0.190779198432838,-0.19267130421341,-0.194782572441158,-0.19609026181663,-0.196868009845924,-0.198483527107238,-0.19926311472646,-0.199205058559774,-0.197489206031388,-0.19609026181663,-0.19497293547047,-0.193186867779964,-0.192057106756189,-0.19609026181663,-0.201401325200421,-0.204289237353817,-0.204547077724769,-0.204033913510395,-0.203793174076635,-0.204815305060491,-0.206712388584212,-0.211869769081968,-0.212023451968004,-0.212109610021529,-0.217334515351795,-0.218620161923797,-0.220936709742985,-0.221944198142458,-0.221780359888417,-0.220015465809566,-0.217427900226956,-0.217334515351795,-0.216497125618588,-0.217334515351795,-0.218190298828731,-0.220518363270325,-0.222645578735586,-0.223017130015255,-0.22558818265773,-0.227956642119378,-0.228186425348481,-0.231854715502428,-0.233267705503169,-0.235523353877859,-0.238173246151259,-0.23857876888696,-0.240267701487133,-0.241863036797543,-0.243186558543216,-0.243889832270752],"lat":[51.5037661462762,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5068741673677,51.5089760860612,51.5113706161646,51.5129314036534,51.513765146268,51.5154840015617,51.5161596763714,51.5175870625962,51.5185542064749,51.5199005827296,51.5209487365783,51.5233432666817,51.5234880184128,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.5293480326975,51.530526856992,51.5317774830657,51.5320665284414,51.5321875843382,51.5325903400217,51.5309419238124,51.530526856992,51.5291400947656,51.5293169567332,51.529667051375,51.5293268280507,51.5285360379216,51.5281323268885,51.5277213178956,51.5281323268885,51.5285587574244,51.530526856992,51.5329213870954,51.5353159171988,51.5377104473022,51.5386268694465,51.5401049774057,51.5424995075091,51.5425935455091,51.5448940376125,51.5472364153328,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5516926443305,51.5520776279228,51.5541871427592,51.5544721580262,51.5564168357865,51.5568666881296,51.559261218233,51.5616557483365,51.5616989087683,51.5640502784399,51.5664448085433,51.5670053863475,51.5688393386467,51.569587983548,51.5700385608194,51.5695867102596,51.5694829927342,51.5704907168254,51.5712338687501,51.5716237331555,51.572469032985,51.5736283988536,51.5738782718138,51.5745875188741,51.5739344828484,51.5741990450946,51.5755867839051,51.5756312117893,51.5739558204251,51.5736283988536,51.5721544218475,51.5712338687501,51.5698521881614,51.5688393386467,51.5664448085433,51.5657085890545,51.5640502784399,51.5616557483365,51.5610804848241,51.559261218233,51.5568666881296,51.5561789334468,51.5544721580262,51.5520776279228,51.5496830978193,51.5472885677159,51.5459463844536,51.5448940376125,51.5437575717698,51.5424995075091,51.5410661047545,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5339453602193,51.5329213870954,51.530526856992,51.5281323268885,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5169195521685,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5113706161646,51.5089760860612,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.5014716645518,51.4993979656475,51.4984013419364,51.4993979656475,51.5000432930879,51.5017924957509,51.5026376266757,51.5024200453811,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.4970034355441,51.4946089054406,51.4925892547961,51.4922143753372,51.4911307885245,51.4913858986747,51.4922143753372,51.4925513044737,51.4922143753372,51.4919073102322,51.4898198452338,51.4882852569963,51.4874253151304,51.485030785027,51.4826362549235,51.4802417248201,51.4785699948749,51.4778471947167,51.4754526646133,51.4733356407842,51.4730581345098,51.4706636044064,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.465456706027,51.4634800140961,51.4617573972211,51.4610854839927,51.4609621259872,51.4610854839927,51.4630321798995,51.4634800140961,51.4658745441996,51.468269074303,51.469357066471,51.468269074303,51.4680039557992,51.466913681849,51.4663093787663,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4610854839927,51.4586909538893,51.4562964237859,51.4539018936825,51.4529954868244,51.4516759252253,51.45225644815,51.4538347572662,51.4539018936825,51.4562964237859,51.4563097616082,51.4581803866308,51.4580009983632,51.4562964237859,51.4550610643089,51.4539018936825,51.451507363579,51.4491128334756,51.4467183033722,51.4443237732688,51.4422250330368,51.4419292431654,51.4395347130619,51.4388636539152,51.4371401829585,51.4369188021835,51.4347456528551,51.4323511227517,51.4299565926482,51.4275620625448,51.4262884955741,51.4251675324414,51.4244535012142,51.4246914863944,51.4251675324414,51.4268085838547,51.4275620625448,51.4299565926482,51.4323511227517,51.4333689134513,51.4347456528551,51.4358684870298,51.4371401829585,51.4380205535667,51.4395347130619,51.4419292431654,51.4443237732688,51.4467183033722,51.4491128334756,51.451507363579,51.452869884105,51.4539018936825,51.4562964237859,51.4565313551616,51.4571566371596,51.4562964237859,51.4539018936825,51.451507363579,51.4495756802462,51.4491128334756,51.4467183033722,51.4443237732688,51.4438077856757,51.4443237732688,51.4467183033722,51.4470353644511,51.4491128334756,51.451507363579,51.4531282120499,51.4539018936825,51.4562964237859,51.4586909538893,51.4610854839927,51.4634800140961,51.4643338512712,51.4658745441996,51.468269074303,51.4706636044064,51.4723612521094,51.4720631947811,51.4706636044064,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4610854839927,51.4600177464372,51.4586909538893,51.4586645765067,51.4586909538893,51.4602621167376,51.4610854839927,51.4634800140961,51.4658745441996,51.468269074303,51.4706636044064,51.4730581345098,51.4733320317049,51.4754526646133,51.4763172249338,51.4778471947167,51.4802417248201,51.4822471946663,51.4826362549235,51.485030785027,51.4872703490226,51.4874253151304,51.4898198452338,51.4909288380362,51.4922143753372,51.4946089054406,51.495155046913,51.4970034355441,51.4993979656475,51.5017924957509,51.5037661462762]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.201401325200421,-0.201523782233822,-0.201401325200421,-0.201305844133296,-0.201401325200421],"lat":[51.5061997361715,51.5065815559577,51.5067418772606,51.5065815559577,51.5061997361715]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.185468135049047,-0.186029828536556,-0.185468135049047,-0.18451577871754,-0.180157071665256,-0.179048014475822,-0.17920285841725,-0.180157071665256,-0.185468135049047],"lat":[51.4744538333811,51.4754526646133,51.4770001855356,51.4778471947167,51.4788053465741,51.4778471947167,51.4754526646133,51.4738601031127,51.4744538333811]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.185468135049047,-0.186421165430933,-0.186557951642775,-0.185468135049047,-0.184150542334016,-0.180157071665256,-0.176113969128826,-0.174846008281464,-0.169534944897673,-0.166619218393052,-0.165588164438925,-0.168286961227071,-0.169534944897673,-0.17440538254683,-0.174846008281464,-0.180157071665256,-0.185468135049047],"lat":[51.541422862214,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5462134205432,51.5472885677159,51.5488370306726,51.5496830978193,51.5498692688098,51.5499549500201,51.5496830978193,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5442631886421,51.5424995075091,51.5423720526194,51.5417229383624,51.541422862214]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.15891281813009,-0.160761684269952,-0.160646470818163,-0.158966182413112,-0.15891281813009,-0.15615026755713,-0.153601754746299,-0.151922991997093,-0.148290691362508,-0.146512114633878,-0.142979627978716,-0.137817636275215,-0.137668564594925,-0.132357501211134,-0.131958674102873,-0.131230141458198,-0.131135344998259,-0.131636086773675,-0.132357501211134,-0.133470366582592,-0.137269195578798,-0.137668564594925,-0.142979627978716,-0.147124192068713,-0.148290691362508,-0.148620427466438,-0.152975534177064,-0.153601754746299,-0.15574261763918,-0.158876345154006,-0.15891281813009],"lat":[51.4802799120251,51.4826362549235,51.485030785027,51.4874253151304,51.4874756789367,51.4898198452338,51.491846568817,51.4922143753372,51.4930842850889,51.4922143753372,51.4910611158031,51.4898198452338,51.4897787357756,51.4880149040416,51.4874253151304,51.485030785027,51.4826362549235,51.4802417248201,51.4788562413584,51.4778471947167,51.4754526646133,51.4752586707822,51.4735478671322,51.4730581345098,51.4728209121194,51.4730581345098,51.4754526646133,51.4756973549009,51.4778471947167,51.4802417248201,51.4802799120251]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.148290691362508,-0.148497404688236,-0.148290691362508,-0.148139502331501,-0.148290691362508],"lat":[51.4608192022852,51.4610854839927,51.4613138069844,51.4610854839927,51.4608192022852]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0208251701515162,-0.0211024784764172,-0.0208251701515162,-0.0203261432414267,-0.0188996748292345,-0.0170933387061902,-0.0155141067677249,-0.0148255064287611,-0.0117829286629017,-0.0102030433839335,-0.00502392340417175,-0.00489198000014224,-0.00202899913238266,-0.00135601871989944,-0.00223077411340898,-0.0042098727825572,-0.00489198000014224,-0.00747205777156127,-0.00981171820152979,-0.0102030433839335,-0.0104638248904225,-0.0102030433839335,-0.0089914000835616,-0.00721146629384212,-0.00609514670173332,-0.00618773522718969,-0.00763749998609125,-0.0102030433839335,-0.0155141067677249,-0.0160987027235391,-0.017163488075453,-0.0177583221036495,-0.0179560085703972,-0.017908947096228,-0.0182420431750669,-0.0199448479004681,-0.0208251701515162],"lat":[51.4772985002468,51.4778471947167,51.478365783089,51.4802417248201,51.4826362549235,51.485030785027,51.486776144683,51.4874253151304,51.4898198452338,51.4908121018533,51.4898198452338,51.4897981150843,51.4874253151304,51.485030785027,51.4826362549235,51.4802417248201,51.4796117359309,51.4778471947167,51.4754526646133,51.4734110530539,51.4730581345098,51.4729388649951,51.4706636044064,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4610854839927,51.4588516185899,51.4601357650565,51.4610854839927,51.4634800140961,51.4658745441996,51.468269074303,51.4706636044064,51.4730581345098,51.4754526646133,51.4772985002468]}]],[[{"lng":[0.0694629073729363,0.0680985764475842,0.0651650353930093,0.0646979190291847,0.0670914684462895,0.0694629073729363,0.073068238926897,0.0747739707567275,0.0759750622681642,0.0759852103267235,0.0747739707567275,0.0724217733443104,0.0694629073729363],"lat":[51.4891841334872,51.4898198452338,51.4922143753372,51.4946089054406,51.4970034355441,51.4979531794288,51.4970034355441,51.4961728202546,51.4946089054406,51.4922143753372,51.4906990118961,51.4898198452338,51.4891841334872]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.23857876888696,-0.239106670103289,-0.239993058479818,-0.239831621343552,-0.23857876888696,-0.238295416549178,-0.234909833909499,-0.233267705503169,-0.230155882929634,-0.227956642119378,-0.224165434929653,-0.222645578735586,-0.217334515351795,-0.217331792223474,-0.213949676236685,-0.212023451968004,-0.211935104735119,-0.209234917742338,-0.206712388584212,-0.20141382208422,-0.201401325200421,-0.19609026181663,-0.194928278227043,-0.190779198432838,-0.185468135049047,-0.183606896841943,-0.180157071665256,-0.175272782678888,-0.174846008281464,-0.169534944897673,-0.164223881513882,-0.159588332520479,-0.15891281813009,-0.153601754746299,-0.148714661238521,-0.148290691362508,-0.145248345206077,-0.142979627978716,-0.142826320995886,-0.142075699212706,-0.142282676110789,-0.142979627978716,-0.143732698976621,-0.145825142456643,-0.148290691362508,-0.148341082969082,-0.150593462882468,-0.151515641361462,-0.150441814565153,-0.148290691362508,-0.142979627978716,-0.137668564594925,-0.135216529585783,-0.132357501211134,-0.131382399024102,-0.127971626002176,-0.127046437827343,-0.121735374443551,-0.11642431105976,-0.115574734011064,-0.11337111780339,-0.112907764547506,-0.11317568311745,-0.114025491474678,-0.11642431105976,-0.117466378827314,-0.121735374443551,-0.127046437827343,-0.127549628748627,-0.131041563707829,-0.129914548521999,-0.127046437827343,-0.121735374443551,-0.11642431105976,-0.111113247675969,-0.107919447554931,-0.105802184292177,-0.101861280059788,-0.100491120908386,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0931107670614544,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0862387060553148,-0.084557930757012,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0790503815609096,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0655356608678597,-0.0633136772218467,-0.059446035786668,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0542579914291346,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0505823173351708,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0470943368799089,-0.0441098104446414,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0416410186946055,-0.0395248383351583,-0.0383116966813235,-0.0378898107310777,-0.038008334928015,-0.0383320804816436,-0.0384919743963152,-0.0378544039908599,-0.0367583603028901,-0.0314472969190988,-0.0261362335353075,-0.0259246091114221,-0.0221389127673179,-0.0208251701515162,-0.0200918302424808,-0.0194839068406931,-0.0195915690184785,-0.0196546935014676,-0.0190288751069127,-0.0178410994815583,-0.0163819601928584,-0.0155141067677249,-0.0146179959098543,-0.0129230515680331,-0.0117544415900072,-0.0113592089743667,-0.0119642693280989,-0.0139929477100592,-0.0155141067677249,-0.0208251701515162,-0.0210149129879192,-0.0254811623469471,-0.0261362335353075,-0.0308242740314833,-0.0314472969190988,-0.0353852305775842,-0.0367583603028901,-0.0405498240518729,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0431664373788022,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0478064335998784,-0.0485039409797703,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0451840725139805,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0405624840852498,-0.0384268459395077,-0.0376618373451798,-0.0380759142377254,-0.0408095460400263,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0494994545510491,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0580026138380554,-0.060806013046247,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0662210080914714,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0712509956342439,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0792468673732207,-0.084557930757012,-0.0877587166457051,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0905958217818523,-0.0951800575245946,-0.100491120908386,-0.100756012021377,-0.102140258881917,-0.103411192314154,-0.104227586890152,-0.103645807039548,-0.10248686685642,-0.101738282093069,-0.101436529792832,-0.101425780801677,-0.101685262900841,-0.10261025927388,-0.105802184292177,-0.106697223125187,-0.111113247675969,-0.112823899656012,-0.11642431105976,-0.119966892842283,-0.121735374443551,-0.126126586950261,-0.127046437827343,-0.132357501211134,-0.137668564594925,-0.140498643324201,-0.141834822010166,-0.141365761301302,-0.138545927175423,-0.137668564594925,-0.133349019551816,-0.132357501211134,-0.129418537550114,-0.127607359378809,-0.127046437827343,-0.126964902859735,-0.126929436815772,-0.127046437827343,-0.127117478532636,-0.127317165153963,-0.12748829038464,-0.128341270485223,-0.132357501211134,-0.137668564594925,-0.140789163880949,-0.142979627978716,-0.143689878797057,-0.142979627978716,-0.142878253674591,-0.139634374104359,-0.138832354502542,-0.141838621342915,-0.142979627978716,-0.146565395803893,-0.148290691362508,-0.151839358228645,-0.153601754746299,-0.15891281813009,-0.162529885153024,-0.164223881513882,-0.169534944897673,-0.174846008281464,-0.180157071665256,-0.182053762341719,-0.182941285361447,-0.180655476299445,-0.180157071665256,-0.174846008281464,-0.171676054988378,-0.169534944897673,-0.167753760515472,-0.164223881513882,-0.159718001551066,-0.159117854731429,-0.160737744726183,-0.16282103993301,-0.164223881513882,-0.165406660095147,-0.168292279418095,-0.169534944897673,-0.174846008281464,-0.180157071665256,-0.184217008799873,-0.185468135049047,-0.186351877408723,-0.188636184514992,-0.190462687957646,-0.190779198432838,-0.192838648353718,-0.19609026181663,-0.201401325200421,-0.206712388584212,-0.210224375477101,-0.212023451968004,-0.21525614432936,-0.217334515351795,-0.219196113137593,-0.222239206995657,-0.222645578735586,-0.225199135172628,-0.227956642119378,-0.22822606064793,-0.231596393550826,-0.233267705503169,-0.234276203442701,-0.236328673950989,-0.237762810452019,-0.23857876888696],"lat":[51.5009417833541,51.5017924957509,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5086113291339,51.5089760860612,51.5113706161646,51.5122291798857,51.513765146268,51.5146833002238,51.5161596763714,51.5167792025824,51.5185532735597,51.5185542064749,51.5209487365783,51.5232434819815,51.5233432666817,51.5257377967851,51.5273994692678,51.5281323268885,51.5281337662998,51.5281984039337,51.5281323268885,51.5278824028383,51.526172279633,51.5257377967851,51.525010541925,51.5257377967851,51.5257939308884,51.5266784851164,51.5265283996851,51.5257377967851,51.5255971442093,51.5247799725976,51.5257377967851,51.5258117466065,51.5281323268885,51.5302830034433,51.530526856992,51.5329213870954,51.5353159171988,51.5365831486599,51.5377104473022,51.5401049774057,51.5424619078669,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5510845971696,51.5519137112893,51.5509137994278,51.5496830978193,51.5479925351008,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5443353305566,51.5439468303018,51.5444429216354,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5520776279228,51.5544721580262,51.5564398088337,51.5568666881296,51.5583416267214,51.5591277189743,51.559261218233,51.5616557483365,51.5640502784399,51.5651154357091,51.565116232442,51.5648324641968,51.5649068451842,51.5664448085433,51.5672403677331,51.5688393386467,51.569140744279,51.5708278005616,51.5712338687501,51.5717104654894,51.5712338687501,51.5710206723833,51.5711939392041,51.5712338687501,51.5724451299338,51.5723535747446,51.5712338687501,51.5702612606616,51.5688393386467,51.5681913241634,51.5664448085433,51.565768263793,51.5640502784399,51.5618889805505,51.5616557483365,51.559261218233,51.5572413320839,51.5568666881296,51.5544721580262,51.5520776279228,51.5496830978193,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5424995075091,51.5401049774057,51.5389540305451,51.5382454058062,51.5378217463183,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5341247175511,51.5329213870954,51.530526856992,51.5281323268885,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5173555126327,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5113706161646,51.5089760860612,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.5031528745702,51.5040918653744,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5069393786161,51.5089760860612,51.5093089531527,51.5113706161646,51.5122948583217,51.513765146268,51.5141459109621,51.513765146268,51.5117346675888,51.5113706161646,51.5089760860612,51.5080937311916,51.5065815559577,51.5051740141614,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.4970034355441,51.4946089054406,51.494090099906,51.4940192950159,51.4946089054406,51.4958039309306,51.4958018086395,51.4946089054406,51.4935047045692,51.4922143753372,51.4907230499598,51.4898198452338,51.4890749976436,51.4892439817134,51.4891760205392,51.4874253151304,51.4852709275289,51.485030785027,51.4833689702184,51.4829377589009,51.4826362549235,51.4802417248201,51.4778471947167,51.4754526646133,51.4730581345098,51.4706636044064,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4610854839927,51.4586909538893,51.4564068659471,51.4562964237859,51.4558737007224,51.4562964237859,51.4570127716979,51.4586909538893,51.45966064506,51.4610854839927,51.46138336518,51.4612277390819,51.461673710412,51.4634800140961,51.4658745441996,51.468269074303,51.4706636044064,51.4710890986766,51.4730581345098,51.473536236866,51.4754526646133,51.4778471947167,51.4798676831298,51.4802417248201,51.4826362549235,51.4841637604921,51.485030785027,51.4874253151304,51.4898198452338,51.4922143753372,51.4938002334677,51.4935902930844,51.4946089054406,51.4962311807017,51.4970034355441,51.4991714289016,51.4993979656475,51.5017924957509,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5071704839011,51.5089760860612,51.509888353669,51.5113706161646,51.5121358966913,51.5124894106164,51.5113706161646,51.5107262446013,51.5094609775444,51.510897702493,51.5104065544475,51.5089760860612,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.5039349690639,51.5036015982984,51.5017924957509,51.5002027713297,51.4993979656475,51.4981427183729,51.4970034355441,51.4946089054406,51.4922143753372,51.4898198452338,51.4883477541867,51.4874253151304,51.485030785027,51.4837537581963,51.4832088922642,51.4840069796471,51.485030785027,51.4857743045859,51.485030785027,51.4826362549235,51.4802417248201,51.4799034597749,51.4778471947167,51.4763133286752,51.4758900200284,51.4765067557802,51.4778471947167,51.4784681796735,51.4802417248201,51.4811801586497,51.4826362549235,51.485030785027,51.4853247756883,51.4874253151304,51.4896464646289,51.4898198452338,51.4922143753372,51.4938414159654,51.4946089054406,51.4970034355441,51.4993979656475,51.5009417833541]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.212023451968004,-0.212633110114533,-0.214409147849787,-0.212023451968004,-0.210913411667324,-0.211638509842921,-0.212023451968004],"lat":[51.4632228137294,51.4634800140961,51.4658745441996,51.4674941750302,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4632228137294]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.206712388584212,-0.207279529408549,-0.207917033765545,-0.208289860458922,-0.208234273552896,-0.206712388584212,-0.201401325200421,-0.198687376898903,-0.19609026181663,-0.195541829472685,-0.193548587290761,-0.192823325335296,-0.192802977610051,-0.193720239487348,-0.19609026181663,-0.201401325200421,-0.201685689303944,-0.205169209858309,-0.206712388584212],"lat":[51.5030591007513,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5089760860612,51.5113706161646,51.5134954475773,51.5128913135367,51.5113706161646,51.5093543975598,51.5089760860612,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.4980840235585,51.4992174600963,51.4993979656475,51.5017924957509,51.5030591007513]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.190779198432838,-0.191586374762086,-0.193380029470187,-0.194069950460785,-0.193625348171768,-0.192103481663575,-0.190779198432838,-0.188639054247382,-0.185468135049047,-0.180157071665256,-0.17719061005837,-0.175046363262858,-0.174846008281464,-0.173850809513787,-0.172426017891678,-0.170575449168896,-0.169534944897673,-0.164223881513882,-0.162911005800854,-0.159870941649633,-0.15891281813009,-0.157718165424187,-0.156263593569156,-0.155413303506246,-0.155330417855705,-0.156104489603349,-0.157780616423392,-0.15891281813009,-0.164223881513882,-0.169534944897673,-0.170794791312597,-0.174846008281464,-0.177835514967894,-0.180157071665256,-0.180186855099765,-0.181976235079996,-0.183933240658545,-0.185468135049047,-0.190779198432838],"lat":[51.4530725410238,51.4539018936825,51.4562964237859,51.4586909538893,51.4610854839927,51.4634800140961,51.4648102892735,51.4658745441996,51.4673886674843,51.4665620538192,51.468269074303,51.4706636044064,51.4709094907684,51.4730581345098,51.4754526646133,51.4778471947167,51.479165778788,51.4788480463463,51.4778471947167,51.4754526646133,51.4744256323671,51.4730581345098,51.4706636044064,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4610854839927,51.4600093119778,51.4587912205672,51.4607201490979,51.4610854839927,51.4631632575018,51.4610854839927,51.458742788389,51.4586909538893,51.4562964237859,51.4539018936825,51.4520801305748,51.4530725410238]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.169534944897673,-0.170838908427531,-0.169534944897673,-0.166632476114063,-0.164223881513882,-0.16371431981027,-0.162733719424309,-0.164223881513882,-0.169534944897673],"lat":[51.4283603016423,51.4299565926482,51.4317166937909,51.4323511227517,51.4326627519026,51.4323511227517,51.4299565926482,51.428218072996,51.4283603016423]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.153601754746299,-0.15399306763207,-0.156014864974646,-0.156463663029142,-0.15597430088011,-0.154115332822959,-0.153601754746299,-0.149136181516592,-0.148290691362508,-0.146781128137327,-0.142979627978716,-0.142379328207548,-0.142012690722059,-0.142745949137936,-0.142979627978716,-0.144799741417816,-0.148082421822774,-0.148290691362508,-0.153601754746299],"lat":[51.4417005138923,51.4419292431654,51.4443237732688,51.4467183033722,51.4491128334756,51.451507363579,51.4518824742106,51.4539018936825,51.4541943710777,51.4539018936825,51.452507172804,51.451507363579,51.4491128334756,51.4467183033722,51.4464135699631,51.4443237732688,51.4419292431654,51.4418053958637,51.4417005138923]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.105802184292177,-0.106162682518276,-0.105802184292177,-0.103659121369443,-0.100491120908386,-0.0997528818252574,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0944959650678556,-0.0941567509751775,-0.0951800575245946,-0.100491120908386,-0.100861578799808,-0.105802184292177],"lat":[51.5590626419066,51.559261218233,51.5603761321715,51.5616557483365,51.5618937399609,51.5616557483365,51.5600895742812,51.559261218233,51.5568666881296,51.555896949143,51.5568002030137,51.5568666881296,51.5590626419066]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0951800575245946,-0.0951818174875067,-0.0952312015389825,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0940046106108501,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0864119078625737,-0.084557930757012,-0.0831468535741941,-0.0825688950262165,-0.0843299830166024,-0.084557930757012,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0936384644488696,-0.0951800575245946],"lat":[51.4754503631289,51.4754526646133,51.4778471947167,51.4779615657701,51.4802417248201,51.4826138678207,51.4802417248201,51.4792272905429,51.4778471947167,51.4754526646133,51.4730581345098,51.4729227490412,51.4712613321735,51.4730581345098,51.4754503631289]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0951800575245946,-0.099756516774816,-0.097981426979515,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0898689941408033,-0.084557930757012,-0.0842117479195145,-0.0811197037088301,-0.084557930757012,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0951800575245946],"lat":[51.5147472318155,51.5161596763714,51.5185542064749,51.5197154475121,51.5200773220397,51.518725927296,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.5145832601298,51.5146780125267,51.5147472318155]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0686247406056381,-0.0694573908930432,-0.0690658164876911,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0676563091665604,-0.063901535455439,-0.0686247406056381],"lat":[51.4684775849655,51.4706636044064,51.4730581345098,51.4734806942578,51.4730581345098,51.4706636044064,51.4684775849655]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.233267705503169,-0.234287845686477,-0.235297456111822,-0.235827343403548,-0.235263519732015,-0.233267705503169,-0.23306209339603,-0.229484121070587,-0.227956642119378,-0.224275486427159,-0.222645578735586,-0.217334515351795,-0.21402305736749,-0.212244688168873,-0.212023451968004,-0.211143243504149,-0.210401482421577,-0.209831221932767,-0.20894825830894,-0.206811726004039,-0.206712388584212,-0.202780141041616,-0.201401325200421,-0.198866376914924,-0.196699158459386,-0.19609026181663,-0.194953915462582,-0.193900465185596,-0.193555891777768,-0.193994063850537,-0.195677172371407,-0.19609026181663,-0.201401325200421,-0.206712388584212,-0.207375642034769,-0.212023451968004,-0.214290970377476,-0.217334515351795,-0.21894286029472,-0.222261723908034,-0.222645578735586,-0.225397909615865,-0.227956642119378,-0.228549960067257,-0.2311581587965,-0.232916119830602,-0.233267705503169],"lat":[51.4976929782798,51.4993979656475,51.5017924957509,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5087443347853,51.5089760860612,51.5113706161646,51.5121115942037,51.513765146268,51.5144157093131,51.5152121983695,51.513765146268,51.5113706161646,51.5109565119278,51.5089760860612,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.499331298439,51.4970034355441,51.4960212950696,51.4946089054406,51.4922143753372,51.4911221362436,51.4898198452338,51.4874253151304,51.485030785027,51.4826362549235,51.4802417248201,51.4799327241385,51.4789482430107,51.4800061601334,51.4802417248201,51.4816125472123,51.4826362549235,51.4838577777773,51.485030785027,51.4874253151304,51.4876812638397,51.4898198452338,51.4917981772588,51.4922143753372,51.4946089054406,51.4970034355441,51.4976929782798]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.206712388584212,-0.207011333362318,-0.206712388584212,-0.202684646979304,-0.201401325200421,-0.19609026181663,-0.190779198432838,-0.189423993802339,-0.185468135049047,-0.180207411930241,-0.180157071665256,-0.180070802778834,-0.174846008281464,-0.171155701780791,-0.169534944897673,-0.164223881513882,-0.163019179896445,-0.15891281813009,-0.153601754746299,-0.14871589730607,-0.148290691362508,-0.145248748099196,-0.142979627978716,-0.142370690890414,-0.140780924111422,-0.139630738654812,-0.139258752605733,-0.139824751503298,-0.141205365893856,-0.142979627978716,-0.143239287353479,-0.143824147041551,-0.142979627978716,-0.137668564594925,-0.136760381159349,-0.133441715237321,-0.132357501211134,-0.128176479068669,-0.127046437827343,-0.124914168257403,-0.121735374443551,-0.11642431105976,-0.112066879281507,-0.111113247675969,-0.109664478188499,-0.108635272962828,-0.107986298109554,-0.106691266719599,-0.105802184292177,-0.100491120908386,-0.0985188596576587,-0.0954690190741156,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0935044608259825,-0.092346216200631,-0.0910486131848029,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0878607207704671,-0.0867984121218743,-0.0864950753672248,-0.0862777389873096,-0.0861617549375837,-0.0865710464726624,-0.0875093799970129,-0.0886728065532066,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0900516079612305,-0.0920559549122245,-0.0927973404083041,-0.0898689941408033,-0.084557930757012,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0782977242709951,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0679350147088657,-0.0643025535717344,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0622274478716305,-0.0584889063170897,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0482864721229522,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0450000208244229,-0.0430126594901354,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0419936613059517,-0.0413902883893129,-0.0414932598723799,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0420872719767869,-0.0425422203084602,-0.0430601283590778,-0.0433822996841571,-0.0430420530931964,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0403727798986167,-0.0367583603028901,-0.0336392802809693,-0.0314472969190988,-0.0306579467134938,-0.0283620183065948,-0.0261362335353075,-0.0258621339815205,-0.0236830315696438,-0.021250067272249,-0.0208251701515162,-0.01950942147455,-0.017996231496032,-0.0164614236068812,-0.0159181525898595,-0.0208251701515162,-0.0226141879400625,-0.0261362335353075,-0.027274297267759,-0.0309289665369716,-0.0314472969190988,-0.0341699644478295,-0.0367583603028901,-0.0420694236866815,-0.045542539547821,-0.0473804870704728,-0.050129935922463,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0545686912223541,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0674085073759162,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0731492770964965,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0770795389065748,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0809163773221714,-0.084557930757012,-0.0865032071472334,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0974477441923343,-0.100491120908386,-0.102201287106392,-0.103474010607123,-0.101675677421636,-0.100491120908386,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0898689941408033,-0.084557930757012,-0.0796304146413405,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0742942056809501,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0692866869587735,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0619109618487901,-0.0593550787296558,-0.0600960800137722,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0641866418161933,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0709958232523889,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0792468673732207,-0.084557930757012,-0.0894662299173922,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0936035802737033,-0.0951800575245946,-0.100491120908386,-0.105091129423964,-0.105802184292177,-0.106497516137968,-0.107374501438021,-0.108390404236471,-0.109342772989777,-0.109577754231276,-0.108556225792434,-0.106739433007151,-0.105802184292177,-0.105048489601759,-0.104233948627824,-0.104277796680913,-0.10523620984095,-0.105802184292177,-0.109360158295233,-0.111113247675969,-0.113221335643964,-0.11642431105976,-0.119756889885528,-0.121735374443551,-0.124863524633939,-0.127046437827343,-0.132357501211134,-0.135312079340854,-0.134612620427349,-0.132357501211134,-0.130059283782468,-0.127046437827343,-0.125787172823378,-0.123638995136349,-0.122803759161399,-0.122763481002255,-0.123084811216949,-0.123374566103482,-0.123218346109987,-0.122144815665973,-0.121735374443551,-0.11642431105976,-0.112392839107898,-0.112402591189293,-0.11619057295231,-0.11642431105976,-0.120364460162055,-0.121735374443551,-0.123595289238231,-0.127046437827343,-0.128655562879924,-0.132357501211134,-0.135985733005941,-0.137668564594925,-0.141373835006972,-0.142979627978716,-0.14601481770152,-0.148290691362508,-0.150344079931496,-0.153601754746299,-0.157599059522529,-0.15891281813009,-0.159372634236969,-0.164223881513882,-0.168711961383491,-0.169534944897673,-0.170047718187931,-0.174846008281464,-0.180157071665256,-0.182069168796992,-0.185468135049047,-0.189371016311554,-0.190779198432838,-0.19112909123729,-0.195361770889244,-0.19609026181663,-0.199994233143527,-0.201401325200421,-0.206268064382698,-0.206712388584212],"lat":[51.5194942286837,51.5209487365783,51.5213389199116,51.5233432666817,51.5236719488485,51.5239886466401,51.5237335826901,51.5233432666817,51.5222848620468,51.5209487365783,51.5209231781399,51.5209487365783,51.5219058686708,51.5233432666817,51.5237382543359,51.5236143641369,51.5233432666817,51.5218262985689,51.5213865554228,51.5233432666817,51.5234481674973,51.5257377967851,51.527369383876,51.5281323268885,51.530526856992,51.5329213870954,51.5353159171988,51.5377104473022,51.5401049774057,51.5421465270068,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5459846214202,51.5454557832776,51.5448940376125,51.5424995075091,51.541830020406,51.5401049774057,51.5398647918501,51.5401049774057,51.5404742674963,51.5409058798677,51.5424995075091,51.5430077944924,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5520776279228,51.5527796255794,51.5529226691018,51.5520776279228,51.5496830978193,51.5492603001069,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5424995075091,51.5408821382968,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5520776279228,51.5544721580262,51.5568666881296,51.559261218233,51.561445116117,51.5616557483365,51.5640502784399,51.5664448085433,51.5681544457119,51.568240729958,51.5686851703334,51.5688393386467,51.5696187070288,51.569142583132,51.5688393386467,51.5664448085433,51.5648014690058,51.5640502784399,51.5616557483365,51.5615918001819,51.561623284712,51.559261218233,51.5588552604132,51.5568666881296,51.5544721580262,51.5522078496185,51.5520776279228,51.5496830978193,51.5472885677159,51.5450327204665,51.5448940376125,51.5424995075091,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5335295091616,51.5329213870954,51.5316428081066,51.530526856992,51.5289098409039,51.5281323268885,51.5257377967851,51.5237013225956,51.5233432666817,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.518168443948,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5113706161646,51.5089760860612,51.5079555485711,51.5089760860612,51.510771036142,51.5113706161646,51.513765146268,51.514180925467,51.5161596763714,51.5173620333331,51.5174286580333,51.5161596763714,51.5154756872119,51.513765146268,51.5119754743514,51.5113706161646,51.5099269616175,51.509974475624,51.5113706161646,51.5115935296653,51.513765146268,51.5140944385659,51.5161596763714,51.5175678986572,51.5185542064749,51.5203605656542,51.5209487365783,51.5218513368275,51.5216753551383,51.5209487365783,51.519670238505,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5132105884591,51.512803688075,51.512964485015,51.5126891701219,51.5113706161646,51.5112440872093,51.5089760860612,51.508701692311,51.5065815559577,51.5061306498569,51.5048885398304,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.4973500343002,51.4970034355441,51.4955767562919,51.4946089054406,51.4934120284442,51.4927952569158,51.4934086953574,51.4922143753372,51.4920665882783,51.4898198452338,51.4891156213375,51.4886066998602,51.4874253151304,51.4866668802034,51.485030785027,51.4826362549235,51.4802417248201,51.4778471947167,51.4754526646133,51.4730581345098,51.4706636044064,51.469354097371,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4610854839927,51.4604178033543,51.4586909538893,51.4582333693523,51.4586909538893,51.4593398741453,51.4610854839927,51.4624668426919,51.4634800140961,51.4644474721061,51.464460960099,51.4658745441996,51.468269074303,51.4696361623286,51.4706636044064,51.4720840977773,51.4730581345098,51.4754526646133,51.4778471947167,51.4802417248201,51.4826362549235,51.485030785027,51.4874253151304,51.4898198452338,51.4903353458076,51.4917759905556,51.4922143753372,51.4946089054406,51.4970034355441,51.4971041578905,51.4993979656475,51.5005768565999,51.5017924957509,51.5035106628658,51.5041870258543,51.5049611648779,51.5065815559577,51.5071609700689,51.5089760860612,51.5098522942812,51.5113706161646,51.512866724146,51.513765146268,51.5157552481383,51.5161596763714,51.5164243303304,51.5161596763714,51.5146198303116,51.513765146268,51.5136192896384,51.513765146268,51.5154393837854,51.5150614966556,51.513765146268,51.5118845479007,51.5113706161646,51.5111258631532,51.5113706161646,51.513765146268,51.5142098859858,51.5161596763714,51.516917611948,51.5185542064749,51.5194942286837]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.185468135049047,-0.186292393406464,-0.185468135049047,-0.185099710263922,-0.185468135049047],"lat":[51.4594045901927,51.4610854839927,51.4616685452033,51.4610854839927,51.4594045901927]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.169534944897673,-0.170586497060015,-0.171134108800802,-0.170566120865208,-0.169534944897673,-0.168156838361951,-0.164223881513882,-0.163348108290442,-0.161549255973293,-0.160416970597281,-0.160277713791415,-0.162082597152545,-0.164223881513882,-0.166993927354072,-0.169534944897673],"lat":[51.4648548411345,51.4658745441996,51.468269074303,51.4706636044064,51.4726045270982,51.4730581345098,51.4738877707327,51.4730581345098,51.4706636044064,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4624069617712,51.4634800140961,51.4648548411345]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.148290691362508,-0.150461430045599,-0.149627579098966,-0.148290691362508,-0.147287057389339,-0.147207585344149,-0.148290691362508],"lat":[51.4453492937526,51.4467183033722,51.4491128334756,51.4500219386231,51.4491128334756,51.4467183033722,51.4453492937526]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0473804870704728,-0.0480579676353821,-0.0512945277254429,-0.051469078739887,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0442746191873833,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0419407519270823,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0454917742473245,-0.0473804870704728],"lat":[51.4967417706699,51.4970034355441,51.4993979656475,51.5017924957509,51.5033102808785,51.5017924957509,51.4996586623985,51.4993979656475,51.4990365206,51.4970034355441,51.4967417706699]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.227956642119378,-0.228312091219587,-0.229954824665579,-0.230920146358002,-0.231528116130384,-0.231655409255941,-0.230804000636761,-0.228512292994222,-0.227956642119378,-0.224713629803742,-0.222645578735586,-0.217334515351795,-0.215674573843133,-0.213803104957043,-0.212854760603516,-0.212392880919969,-0.212023451968004,-0.211927780742739,-0.21055966684351,-0.207071689368473,-0.206712388584212,-0.203359455379562,-0.201401325200421,-0.200782099220072,-0.199205946222209,-0.198479413413776,-0.198569348059874,-0.200931211527375,-0.201401325200421,-0.203152017033794,-0.206712388584212,-0.212023451968004,-0.214372621759044,-0.217334515351795,-0.21904088359113,-0.222629799717589,-0.222645578735586,-0.225582688957935,-0.227956642119378],"lat":[51.4942873858673,51.4946089054406,51.4970034355441,51.4993979656475,51.5017924957509,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5089760860612,51.5093290645045,51.5113706161646,51.5123001982897,51.512558765067,51.5113706161646,51.5089760860612,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.50223697824,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.4970034355441,51.4968227728489,51.4946089054406,51.4927445417559,51.4922143753372,51.4898198452338,51.4874253151304,51.485030785027,51.4826362549235,51.4824420043325,51.4826362549235,51.4829326633047,51.4840843736714,51.485030785027,51.4862077019211,51.4874253151304,51.4898198452338,51.4898299056227,51.4922143753372,51.4942873858673]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.148290691362508,-0.14851508349467,-0.149846411064876,-0.148290691362508,-0.147987817341069,-0.145550029471759,-0.142979627978716,-0.142517121501649,-0.140574183122041,-0.138735527226957,-0.137668564594925,-0.137000969266718,-0.134741204036297,-0.132357501211134,-0.127046437827343,-0.123443648134339,-0.121735374443551,-0.11642431105976,-0.111113247675969,-0.111014721008705,-0.108428711874323,-0.10635044947587,-0.105802184292177,-0.103804939242153,-0.100491120908386,-0.0987718392725577,-0.0969995483838205,-0.0951894334362259,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0929177638348849,-0.0904116743638065,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0885097975664817,-0.084557930757012,-0.0838449698685858,-0.0828974456182544,-0.0826235228741914,-0.0825229799778397,-0.0823121181688213,-0.0819946530900148,-0.0819311515174538,-0.0827941132813392,-0.084557930757012,-0.0846398187471987,-0.085584629665465,-0.085215745924869,-0.084557930757012,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0759428482123656,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0730645608761211,-0.0689894406327248,-0.0688013736211864,-0.0689124344301485,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0672875761619156,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0581552238682026,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0488242562323577,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0456489547150321,-0.0441571939383781,-0.0435322661966323,-0.0434820157851263,-0.0438432981495104,-0.0445617194217313,-0.0455663783360052,-0.0465240754127823,-0.0466980373833075,-0.0455741570778936,-0.0433876119084274,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0395451494522935,-0.0367992265332869,-0.0367583603028901,-0.036144373806518,-0.0367583603028901,-0.0390832202184118,-0.0420694236866815,-0.0454195071511434,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0502022186070344,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0556094576565195,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0682346346401094,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0740832668179648,-0.0781695091891832,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0830350874450513,-0.084557930757012,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0951800575245946,-0.100491120908386,-0.101721418489262,-0.105261401224025,-0.105802184292177,-0.106353039575161,-0.105802184292177,-0.105684062617003,-0.100594767935838,-0.100491120908386,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0935144883782627,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0864564406231684,-0.084557930757012,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0782276844583074,-0.0748367577078654,-0.0739358039894294,-0.071840388343879,-0.0700380475303925,-0.0709376633840135,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0758160825249156,-0.0792468673732207,-0.084557930757012,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0931064413563958,-0.0951800575245946,-0.100491120908386,-0.104584413480757,-0.105802184292177,-0.108145572527061,-0.111113247675969,-0.113194634893121,-0.11642431105976,-0.117701804441194,-0.120819204115841,-0.121735374443551,-0.127046437827343,-0.129650144191404,-0.132357501211134,-0.137573568279571,-0.137668564594925,-0.142267021974014,-0.142979627978716,-0.146119335429939,-0.148290691362508],"lat":[51.5160267632948,51.5161596763714,51.5185542064749,51.5202417853603,51.5209487365783,51.5233432666817,51.5251753186139,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.530526856992,51.5322638615865,51.5329213870954,51.5353159171988,51.5367746184971,51.537107126179,51.5377104473022,51.5380144637261,51.538293878475,51.5400179002614,51.5401049774057,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.545919319967,51.5472885677159,51.5490658516714,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5424995075091,51.5424888518698,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5373231387311,51.5377104473022,51.5393418207555,51.5401049774057,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5520776279228,51.5544721580262,51.5568666881296,51.5591274875306,51.559261218233,51.5616557483365,51.5640502784399,51.5645210238417,51.5660961100498,51.5664448085433,51.5666425311912,51.5664448085433,51.5640502784399,51.5616557483365,51.559261218233,51.5588024240108,51.5568666881296,51.5547717899438,51.5568666881296,51.5569272456237,51.5586007341441,51.5568666881296,51.5561734079979,51.5544721580262,51.5520776279228,51.5496830978193,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5424995075091,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5329213870954,51.530526856992,51.5293528217461,51.5281323268885,51.5257377967851,51.5255274051926,51.5233432666817,51.5227880748086,51.5209487365783,51.5201621261028,51.5185542064749,51.5178013077989,51.5161596763714,51.5147091319672,51.513765146268,51.5129172656856,51.5127697376045,51.513765146268,51.5138206882271,51.5160628024885,51.5161596763714,51.5185542064749,51.5191205854663,51.5209487365783,51.5216969255681,51.5233011374145,51.523198548503,51.521490237798,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5176445632233,51.5161596763714,51.5139870837829,51.513765146268,51.5113706161646,51.5113354958107,51.5112401611132,51.5113706161646,51.5116084229296,51.5113706161646,51.5112413487592,51.5094428064157,51.5089760860612,51.5065815559577,51.5055174748885,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.4977734350498,51.4970034355441,51.4960661620342,51.4966039003512,51.4965282833712,51.4946089054406,51.4932312930006,51.4924783290263,51.4946089054406,51.4953246402043,51.4970034355441,51.4984884181055,51.4993979656475,51.5009465512492,51.5017924957509,51.5041870258543,51.5046739796089,51.505936041774,51.5065815559577,51.5070168353396,51.5089760860612,51.5090128254232,51.5113706161646,51.5118909354403,51.513765146268,51.5160267632948]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.121735374443551,-0.122869537416858,-0.121735374443551,-0.121249022471329,-0.117731160980393,-0.11642431105976,-0.115073252940129,-0.111113247675969,-0.110150150533118,-0.108062313109333,-0.107028895934075,-0.10727115074949,-0.109555403614299,-0.111113247675969,-0.114685444554079,-0.11642431105976,-0.119375110534502,-0.121546597797166,-0.121735374443551],"lat":[51.4665254189311,51.468269074303,51.4698548269305,51.4706636044064,51.4730581345098,51.4741140543114,51.4730581345098,51.4716969288361,51.4706636044064,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4610854839927,51.4603563148123,51.4610854839927,51.4615055721838,51.4634800140961,51.4658745441996,51.4665254189311]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.222645578735586,-0.224875766963867,-0.226492461984148,-0.227372082626213,-0.227679347179987,-0.227534383341225,-0.226633552078799,-0.224427283377732,-0.222645578735586,-0.217334515351795,-0.216376638851738,-0.215249419905107,-0.215015321713802,-0.215182068507074,-0.21477558988707,-0.212023451968004,-0.21189298138364,-0.207267202051029,-0.206712388584212,-0.204452499238299,-0.203200541901733,-0.203540828561135,-0.206712388584212,-0.212023451968004,-0.214436617136708,-0.217334515351795,-0.218875900479043,-0.222624077288258,-0.222645578735586],"lat":[51.4922284148956,51.4946089054406,51.4970034355441,51.4993979656475,51.5017924957509,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5089760860612,51.510045040628,51.5099794771432,51.5089760860612,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.497105240335,51.4970034355441,51.4946089054406,51.4943183404413,51.4922143753372,51.4898198452338,51.4874253151304,51.4858802425852,51.4864738351789,51.4874253151304,51.4887035938158,51.4898198452338,51.4922143753372,51.4922284148956]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.142979627978716,-0.145576526637983,-0.146327554721806,-0.145281562205075,-0.142979627978716,-0.142807136962115,-0.140836060560528,-0.138777675353668,-0.137668564594925,-0.136520552082778,-0.133620087131777,-0.132357501211134,-0.127046437827343,-0.124802745874689,-0.121735374443551,-0.11642431105976,-0.111113247675969,-0.110908952095309,-0.108194704451432,-0.105802184292177,-0.104840429389172,-0.100491120908386,-0.0984642216530238,-0.0961904157533552,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0938786717295645,-0.0906541467811217,-0.0898689941408033,-0.08853297271207,-0.084557930757012,-0.082663005988283,-0.080496126054598,-0.0797749236635862,-0.0796827543329855,-0.0796499453417736,-0.0793192965159864,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0784340032249058,-0.0768807581818563,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0704456415645074,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0639429161974326,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0630730295682207,-0.0583567376912367,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0487556427466718,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0462888259687514,-0.0453472347004996,-0.0451744123828407,-0.045599324322234,-0.0465812185350023,-0.0473804870704728,-0.047851940210849,-0.0486913844824418,-0.0489813551705659,-0.0485703452339434,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0473275871597814,-0.0447509446542619,-0.0427273248028092,-0.0427300378278002,-0.0454562694336715,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0496076975091838,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0545268187373069,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0706481784452046,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0759858691053945,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0806563243701406,-0.084557930757012,-0.0861312086409381,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0994103854173198,-0.100491120908386,-0.105140929743346,-0.105802184292177,-0.10742693533734,-0.108262584130075,-0.10804418696072,-0.105875617624495,-0.105802184292177,-0.100491120908386,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0898689941408033,-0.084557930757012,-0.0819595976207154,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0778806896010358,-0.0760048644139076,-0.0757652793976103,-0.0785093850227924,-0.0792468673732207,-0.084557930757012,-0.0889186686919501,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0903712586975955,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0983443752587909,-0.100491120908386,-0.101374476303382,-0.105802184292177,-0.106606456036318,-0.111113247675969,-0.112648744864975,-0.11642431105976,-0.116515831451037,-0.120825532780569,-0.121735374443551,-0.127046437827343,-0.132357501211134,-0.134066225590199,-0.137668564594925,-0.139621508611881,-0.142917552466928,-0.142979627978716],"lat":[51.5138402026113,51.5161596763714,51.5185542064749,51.5209487365783,51.523082660815,51.5233432666817,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.5294814846911,51.530526856992,51.5329213870954,51.5338270584487,51.5349531422339,51.5353159171988,51.5358873387114,51.5358253981465,51.5374990317731,51.5377104473022,51.5401049774057,51.5421668805439,51.5424995075091,51.5445310711127,51.5424995075091,51.5401049774057,51.5389335953005,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5348858032029,51.5353159171988,51.5365313941776,51.5377104473022,51.5401049774057,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5499537299899,51.5520776279228,51.5544721580262,51.5566729923253,51.5544721580262,51.5537024479112,51.5520776279228,51.551879861465,51.5520776279228,51.5544721580262,51.554622020558,51.5563310330575,51.5544721580262,51.5535113586387,51.5520776279228,51.5496830978193,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5424995075091,51.5410891222914,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5329213870954,51.5305858798298,51.530526856992,51.5281323268885,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5209487365783,51.5200343058034,51.5185542064749,51.5168027465023,51.5161596763714,51.5149765255276,51.514633866335,51.5152962227443,51.5161596763714,51.5173645163676,51.5185542064749,51.5202685489632,51.5209487365783,51.5228656369701,51.5233432666817,51.5247818918656,51.5247508901347,51.5233432666817,51.5229952960407,51.5209487365783,51.5204932763344,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5113706161646,51.5113242941621,51.5095337853173,51.509611952613,51.5102192017548,51.509916363603,51.5089760860612,51.5074848923659,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.4993979656475,51.4990846107561,51.4990197491243,51.4993979656475,51.4994830172843,51.4993979656475,51.4978328063713,51.4970034355441,51.4964856525474,51.4970034355441,51.4989921596322,51.4993979656475,51.50106829491,51.5017924957509,51.5041204438895,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.506828426509,51.5074094890787,51.5083342577586,51.5089760860612,51.510369273118,51.5113706161646,51.513765146268,51.5138402026113]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.11642431105976,-0.117483546606941,-0.117098868797947,-0.11642431105976,-0.111113247675969,-0.11098875858916,-0.109820689975938,-0.11042678984169,-0.111113247675969,-0.113868890378036,-0.11642431105976],"lat":[51.4645245965299,51.4658745441996,51.468269074303,51.4688820184297,51.4684030737297,51.468269074303,51.4658745441996,51.4634800140961,51.4628803386309,51.4634800140961,51.4645245965299]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.222645578735586,-0.2230414759326,-0.222645578735586,-0.220348712904995,-0.222645578735586],"lat":[51.5026042708618,51.5041870258543,51.5065753251458,51.5041870258543,51.5026042708618]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.212023451968004,-0.21250397411051,-0.215675242765308,-0.212023451968004,-0.210303419711237,-0.210712551843302,-0.212023451968004],"lat":[51.4896093857622,51.4898198452338,51.4922143753372,51.4931962963323,51.4922143753372,51.4898198452338,51.4896093857622]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.142979627978716,-0.143648756004479,-0.142979627978716,-0.142727748984538,-0.141146643701899,-0.139154999619407,-0.137668564594925,-0.136901937982417,-0.134120655298877,-0.132357501211134,-0.127899956531688,-0.127046437827343,-0.121735374443551,-0.11642431105976,-0.111113247675969,-0.110427106873649,-0.108154563291419,-0.105802184292177,-0.104621222547732,-0.100491120908386,-0.0990010430276052,-0.0968244384780081,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0948128246960345,-0.09077402461167,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0891886374225464,-0.084557930757012,-0.0831099145987579,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0790669492132309,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0686247406056381,-0.067185459295657,-0.0668381466243762,-0.0674156804129247,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0706911101747504,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0750992600311542,-0.0758733976622348,-0.0756555826198172,-0.0741541266978955,-0.0739358039894294,-0.073460817702034,-0.0689935501474025,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0625117217565953,-0.0593476248970146,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0487758783015718,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0471622032043669,-0.046866808980555,-0.0473553504949576,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0483904635561364,-0.0495590764855074,-0.0504935243357902,-0.0509496351491081,-0.050809956346932,-0.0500218525026689,-0.0485642207230609,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0470427195447445,-0.0471981001728082,-0.0473804870704728,-0.0494688551663411,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0532371736884471,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0686247406056381,-0.073704571958201,-0.0739358039894294,-0.078393467283421,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0833547940437369,-0.084557930757012,-0.088727082079322,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0970413450185967,-0.100491120908386,-0.104196074185248,-0.105802184292177,-0.107924931081848,-0.109400444778255,-0.11017212868499,-0.11035426448064,-0.109432254837157,-0.105802184292177,-0.105466036308334,-0.100491120908386,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0898689941408033,-0.084557930757012,-0.0812859703695667,-0.0793142184547251,-0.0816436498538955,-0.084557930757012,-0.0891722467046249,-0.0898689941408033,-0.0951800575245946,-0.0983839745581341,-0.100491120908386,-0.10346946456687,-0.105802184292177,-0.111113247675969,-0.112037230946694,-0.115273661676139,-0.11642431105976,-0.121735374443551,-0.127046437827343,-0.128968885730138,-0.132357501211134,-0.13699842216932,-0.137668564594925,-0.14083029186557,-0.14283099089306,-0.142979627978716],"lat":[51.5167456778064,51.5185542064749,51.5200525483397,51.5209487365783,51.5233432666817,51.5257377967851,51.5274091037764,51.5281323268885,51.530526856992,51.5318192254348,51.5329213870954,51.5331390271525,51.5338052001071,51.5330499254063,51.5343671467194,51.5353159171988,51.5377104473022,51.5397440182365,51.5401049774057,51.5414981462758,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5356125046505,51.5353159171988,51.5329213870954,51.5324799510701,51.5329213870954,51.5345530274349,51.5353159171988,51.5376747979,51.5377104473022,51.5400998047027,51.5381849923205,51.5401049774057,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5467231322901,51.5448940376125,51.5426378328196,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5520776279228,51.5522763702193,51.5520776279228,51.5496830978193,51.5486636984247,51.5483855434787,51.5496830978193,51.5520776279228,51.5527450041299,51.5544415550556,51.5520776279228,51.5501566483514,51.5496830978193,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5448386224698,51.5424995075091,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5329213870954,51.530526856992,51.5281323268885,51.526164995982,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5231899713656,51.5209487365783,51.5187810507556,51.5185542064749,51.5168930921208,51.5163006118948,51.5167244828029,51.5185542064749,51.518621101615,51.5209487365783,51.5213508588896,51.5233432666817,51.5240936719389,51.5257377967851,51.5266267439798,51.5266025860015,51.5257377967851,51.5246161759392,51.5233432666817,51.5226431684512,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5113706161646,51.5090807549862,51.5089760860612,51.5070131067207,51.507231271069,51.5086975499138,51.5083842724558,51.5065815559577,51.5041870258543,51.5017924957509,51.501218403812,51.5017924957509,51.5019125600039,51.5024477207975,51.5017924957509,51.5013959429991,51.5017924957509,51.5020135519842,51.5036408464854,51.5041870258543,51.5065815559577,51.5071341054102,51.5083155198002,51.5086230275744,51.5089760860612,51.5095040590729,51.5113706161646,51.511723468347,51.513765146268,51.5161596763714,51.5167456778064]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.137668564594925,-0.138743031264212,-0.140994516988664,-0.14167926389249,-0.141041838596528,-0.139486150441684,-0.137668564594925,-0.137450781549533,-0.134898364144421,-0.132357501211134,-0.130708078770803,-0.127046437827343,-0.121735374443551,-0.118339399296122,-0.11642431105976,-0.111113247675969,-0.109988954466132,-0.108916960119222,-0.107496105014461,-0.105802184292177,-0.104363452099155,-0.100491120908386,-0.0994569809481571,-0.0977436779538918,-0.09631466579512,-0.0954367517824676,-0.0970444071695632,-0.100491120908386,-0.103624371525117,-0.105802184292177,-0.109279812315217,-0.110556577557328,-0.111113247675969,-0.111347609447438,-0.112000615595083,-0.112625043387837,-0.113508245574681,-0.11642431105976,-0.121735374443551,-0.127046437827343,-0.132357501211134,-0.134438576351977,-0.137668564594925],"lat":[51.5130713119529,51.513765146268,51.5161596763714,51.5185542064749,51.5209487365783,51.5233432666817,51.5255087547502,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.5301125599521,51.530526856992,51.5314869316862,51.5316168109619,51.530526856992,51.5295053925836,51.5284652993011,51.530526856992,51.5329213870954,51.5353159171988,51.5372276528659,51.5377104473022,51.5388008303696,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5329213870954,51.530526856992,51.5281323268885,51.5265291698347,51.5257377967851,51.5251351947277,51.5233432666817,51.5209487365783,51.5194747389907,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5113706161646,51.5098104999906,51.5096425051469,51.5096693335188,51.5105336173022,51.5113706161646,51.5130713119529]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.084557930757012,-0.0847700221530983,-0.084557930757012,-0.0845051842394276,-0.084557930757012],"lat":[51.5041544087276,51.5041870258543,51.5043805407138,51.5041870258543,51.5041544087276]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.084557930757012,-0.0855090777200654,-0.0886087803507884,-0.0884384179482513,-0.084557930757012,-0.0843796040090044,-0.0798059833418222,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0695708657047173,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0663090029754189,-0.0633504385770588,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0628880179350313,-0.0625755408860662,-0.0622216409847139,-0.061489429690523,-0.0596726595988744,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0546360183313189,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0516360165623291,-0.0493064796343874,-0.0486696338150784,-0.0490624516194699,-0.0500619891303427,-0.0512662127601657,-0.0522956641891386,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0531659489278933,-0.0534870513189556,-0.0527116929654138,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0518482698322957,-0.0508674537038819,-0.0510077119518883,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0532705490244947,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0601086282720081,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0699244659976779,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0762991477822486,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0813201292356026,-0.084557930757012],"lat":[51.5253627074124,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.530526856992,51.5327877396543,51.5329213870954,51.5353159171988,51.5356573284711,51.5366624291124,51.5353159171988,51.5350071724276,51.5353159171988,51.5377104473022,51.5378064782744,51.5401049774057,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5496830978193,51.5508308763181,51.5520776279228,51.5527148633984,51.5520776279228,51.5496830978193,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5424995075091,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5361387464493,51.5353159171988,51.5329213870954,51.530526856992,51.5305006265782,51.5281323268885,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5213096759666,51.5209487365783,51.5190254091995,51.5185542064749,51.5181168215487,51.518086053469,51.5185542064749,51.5197146815859,51.5209487365783,51.5223377027023,51.5233432666817,51.5253627074124]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.137668564594925,-0.139158043084268,-0.139945938297972,-0.139355928208517,-0.137825657181469,-0.137668564594925,-0.135569703337706,-0.132894790306424,-0.132357501211134,-0.127046437827343,-0.121735374443551,-0.119576259415799,-0.11642431105976,-0.115896993100472,-0.113356328946919,-0.112878454921914,-0.113121692916551,-0.113750330432498,-0.114876592654269,-0.11642431105976,-0.118802836182879,-0.121735374443551,-0.127046437827343,-0.131286100762977,-0.132357501211134,-0.136641299587441,-0.137668564594925],"lat":[51.5146614721763,51.5161596763714,51.5185542064749,51.5209487365783,51.5233432666817,51.5235304281973,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.5285510655845,51.5298444249797,51.5292242119731,51.5281323268885,51.5260080360018,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5121904766338,51.5113706161646,51.5108415310894,51.5106470232596,51.5113706161646,51.5115732204575,51.513765146268,51.5146614721763]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.100491120908386,-0.104168658229009,-0.104253082888342,-0.100491120908386,-0.0997577707475452,-0.0999302639683785,-0.100491120908386],"lat":[51.5298927733448,51.530526856992,51.5329213870954,51.5350831588022,51.5329213870954,51.530526856992,51.5298927733448]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.084557930757012,-0.0854503468148588,-0.0847766004102367,-0.084557930757012,-0.0815328868994784,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0688902501680558,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0647511806827665,-0.0636471094139417,-0.0633136772218467,-0.060804158736575,-0.0592380057421736,-0.0626465106521098,-0.0633136772218467,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0742048282810762,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0792854644274682,-0.0831844134448997,-0.084557930757012],"lat":[51.5274468265335,51.5281323268885,51.530526856992,51.530654260177,51.5329213870954,51.5340983274935,51.5347833601993,51.5329213870954,51.5327752826593,51.530526856992,51.5281323268885,51.5270109963905,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5209487365783,51.5207983605025,51.5196292086627,51.5208082615567,51.5209487365783,51.5233245465151,51.5233432666817,51.5257377967851,51.5274468265335]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0580026138380554,-0.0589246153883892,-0.0597481244699251,-0.0601213920637673,-0.0602036710325438,-0.0599641962804608,-0.0590928663555585,-0.0580026138380554,-0.0557197336461024,-0.0526915504542641,-0.051495775979775,-0.0505205825785821,-0.0507688422375635,-0.051733514704549,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0536333238410073,-0.0559632543239909,-0.0572909256900691,-0.0580026138380554],"lat":[51.5337576598298,51.5353159171988,51.5377104473022,51.5401049774057,51.5424995075091,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5485454578642,51.5496830978193,51.5507941550686,51.5496830978193,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5424995075091,51.5406404093152,51.5401049774057,51.5377104473022,51.5353159171988,51.5337576598298]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.137668564594925,-0.138212612703454,-0.137670017820507,-0.137668564594925,-0.135954853691935,-0.133688625125879,-0.132357501211134,-0.127263099912874,-0.127046437827343,-0.126768863913856,-0.121735374443551,-0.1201511248802,-0.116815986770195,-0.11642431105976,-0.115117228106953,-0.114895776385665,-0.115500045269914,-0.11642431105976,-0.117423416741201,-0.121735374443551,-0.127046437827343,-0.132357501211134,-0.134524215638398,-0.137299180303989,-0.137668564594925],"lat":[51.5170594745767,51.5185542064749,51.5209487365783,51.5209510141284,51.5233432666817,51.5257377967851,51.5269149372244,51.5281323268885,51.528184006621,51.5281323268885,51.5267173226273,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5229549254058,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.5146553627557,51.513765146268,51.5120718820449,51.5116447066339,51.5126564859484,51.513765146268,51.5161596763714,51.5170594745767]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0792468673732207,-0.0812345842649545,-0.0830784216537364,-0.0823282100942495,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0769969105578178,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0728694829368638,-0.0686247406056381,-0.068523551043452,-0.0663897457406749,-0.0656779030318848,-0.0659448594625485,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0768191675141592,-0.0792468673732207],"lat":[51.5245175489294,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.530526856992,51.5326062040596,51.5329213870954,51.5333148941692,51.5329213870954,51.5305855929386,51.530526856992,51.5281323268885,51.5257377967851,51.5233432666817,51.5214496055528,51.5219734005867,51.5233432666817,51.5245175489294]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0526915504542641,-0.0553028806536828,-0.0539705073319222,-0.0526915504542641,-0.0523715313420859,-0.052475232855657,-0.0526915504542641],"lat":[51.5443457315554,51.5448940376125,51.5472885677159,51.5479491695403,51.5472885677159,51.5448940376125,51.5443457315554]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.132357501211134,-0.132407131689356,-0.13534421323074,-0.136343489831367,-0.135741961106708,-0.134062074571767,-0.132357501211134,-0.129846619777246,-0.127046437827343,-0.125195073035606,-0.121735374443551,-0.120281693742437,-0.117646958748407,-0.116780111587821,-0.117625045322503,-0.120619547784859,-0.121735374443551,-0.127046437827343,-0.132357501211134],"lat":[51.5137397514393,51.513765146268,51.5161596763714,51.5185542064749,51.5209487365783,51.5233432666817,51.525150948361,51.5257377967851,51.526340712259,51.5257377967851,51.5243195860376,51.5233432666817,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.513765146268,51.5133269718955,51.5126993259839,51.5137397514393]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0792468673732207,-0.0792847550850092,-0.0810162437518905,-0.0799568828957154,-0.0792468673732207,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0714028048956376,-0.0691213972811546,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0684207488498246,-0.0686247406056381,-0.0718935069562436,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0743445243271599,-0.0792468673732207],"lat":[51.5257145377389,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.530526856992,51.5310059886006,51.5318389421603,51.530526856992,51.5281323268885,51.5264241584869,51.5257377967851,51.5252120359125,51.5233432666817,51.5231490864723,51.5233432666817,51.5257145377389]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.132357501211134,-0.13338924615749,-0.134412244996261,-0.133813695486892,-0.132357501211134,-0.131419188321651,-0.127046437827343,-0.124688959636533,-0.121735374443551,-0.120584878204248,-0.119350760876034,-0.120170257000316,-0.121735374443551,-0.126961165476338,-0.127046437827343,-0.127103578392105,-0.132357501211134],"lat":[51.515319607197,51.5161596763714,51.5185542064749,51.5209487365783,51.5230646662753,51.5233432666817,51.5243188658666,51.5233432666817,51.5219132981977,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.5149964201491,51.513765146268,51.513753945334,51.513765146268,51.515319607197]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0739358039894294,-0.075807623877725,-0.0784413820138852,-0.0739358039894294,-0.0718046860642195,-0.0719935124548634,-0.0739358039894294],"lat":[51.5248040049714,51.5257377967851,51.5281323268885,51.530229360839,51.5281323268885,51.5257377967851,51.5248040049714]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.132357501211134,-0.132481000161155,-0.132357501211134,-0.130338572202955,-0.127046437827343,-0.124942228409613,-0.122143157139593,-0.124119852235342,-0.127046437827343,-0.129703024646285,-0.132357501211134],"lat":[51.5182686278139,51.5185542064749,51.5190501349077,51.5209487365783,51.5219702021241,51.5209487365783,51.5185542064749,51.5161596763714,51.5153855976626,51.5161596763714,51.5182686278139]}]]],null,null,{"lineCap":null,"lineJoin":null,"clickable":true,"pointerEvents":null,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":["#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF7100","#FF7100","#FF7100","#FF8E00","#FF8E00","#FF8E00","#FFAA00","#FFAA00","#FFAA00","#FFC600","#FFC600","#FFC600","#FFE300","#FFE300","#FFE300","#FFE300","#FFFF00","#FFFF00","#FFFF00","#FFFF2A","#FFFF2A","#FFFF80","#FFFF80","#FFFFD5"],"weight":5,"opacity":0.5,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF1C00","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF3900","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF5500","#FF7100","#FF7100","#FF7100","#FF8E00","#FF8E00","#FF8E00","#FFAA00","#FFAA00","#FFAA00","#FFC600","#FFC600","#FFC600","#FFE300","#FFE300","#FFE300","#FFE300","#FFFF00","#FFFF00","#FFFF00","#FFFF2A","#FFFF2A","#FFFF80","#FFFF80","#FFFFD5"],"fillOpacity":0.2,"dashArray":null,"smoothFactor":1,"noClip":false},null,null,null,null,null]}],"limits":{"lat":[51.4211832527461,51.5795603597705],"lng":[-0.249157527377674,0.0822181915531112]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
The heat map shows the highest concentration of crimes around Russell
Square and Covent Garden, in close proximity to three universities:
University College Longon, Birkbeck and School of Oriental and Asian
Studies. Shoreditch and Dalston are also centres for bike theft. With
the more extensive dataset, the South Bank does not stand out as a
hotspot for bike theft.

This process was subsequently repeated for burglaries in 2016.

    burglary16 <- crime16 %>%
      filter(crime_type == 'burglary')
    for(i in 1:length(burglary16$latitude)){
      burglary16$longitude[i] <- burglary16$longitude[i]+runif(1,0.001,0.004)
      burglary16$latitude[i] <- burglary16$latitude[i]+runif(1,0.001,0.004)}
    latlong <- select(burglary16, longitude, latitude)
    kde <- bkde2D(latlong,
                  bandwidth=c(.0055, .0048), gridsize = c(75,75))
    cl <- contourLines(kde$x1 , kde$x2 , kde$fhat)
    levs <- as.factor(sapply(cl, `[[`, "level"))
    nlevs <- length(levels(levs))
    pgons <- lapply(1:length(cl), function(i)
      Polygons(list(Polygon(cbind(cl[[i]]$x, cl[[i]]$y))), ID=i))
    spgons = SpatialPolygons(pgons)

    leaflet(spgons) %>% addTiles() %>%
      addPolygons(color = heat.colors(nlevs, NULL)[levs])

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-8850452161a0c453d044">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addTiles","args":["//{s}.tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png",null,null,{"minZoom":0,"maxZoom":18,"maxNativeZoom":null,"tileSize":256,"subdomains":"abc","errorTileUrl":"","tms":false,"continuousWorld":false,"noWrap":false,"zoomOffset":0,"zoomReverse":false,"opacity":1,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false,"attribution":"&copy; <a href=\"http://openstreetmap.org\">OpenStreetMap<\/a> contributors, <a href=\"http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/\">CC-BY-SA<\/a>"}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-0.246486005649705,-0.247154347026925,-0.248841445183333,-0.249694373272325,-0.249750714763665,-0.249166635628785,-0.24822018364419,-0.24720461296179,-0.246486005649705,-0.245999845592491,-0.243109738427545,-0.241144518184865,-0.235803030720024,-0.233295769447377,-0.230461543255184,-0.227954692667594,-0.225120055790343,-0.224271517743977,-0.22007444870537,-0.219778568325502,-0.216623088575394,-0.214437080860662,-0.212970157278642,-0.209095593395821,-0.208404817202233,-0.203754105930981,-0.202360713903078,-0.201001502312376,-0.201663909449713,-0.202993615189476,-0.203754105930981,-0.205054372496755,-0.207137626344113,-0.208742650209919,-0.209095593395821,-0.209396356035332,-0.209095593395821,-0.207506602636005,-0.203754105930981,-0.199254883537264,-0.19841261846614,-0.193071131001299,-0.187729643536459,-0.184306085498368,-0.182388156071618,-0.177046668606778,-0.171705181141937,-0.166363693677097,-0.161022206212256,-0.155680718747415,-0.152273204394775,-0.150339231282575,-0.149644501724193,-0.146942490823905,-0.144997743817734,-0.142567281631697,-0.139656256352894,-0.13671511267653,-0.134314768888053,-0.129903828766862,-0.128973281423213,-0.123631793958372,-0.118290306493531,-0.113025687837728,-0.112948819028691,-0.107620051419053,-0.10760733156385,-0.10226584409901,-0.0996925521475019,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0910915254040433,-0.086241381704488,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0702169193099663,-0.06501899035756,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0648430597559163,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0567713440721434,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0518231193125686,-0.048850969450604,-0.0471849977286686,-0.0440160568027115,-0.0435094819857634,-0.0413547820899124,-0.03931945430205,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0370563721257849,-0.0343421050439792,-0.0328265070560823,-0.0313082270369335,-0.0282402784234099,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0255246956186519,-0.0234449973802023,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0214120157169369,-0.019344854506637,-0.0170881612647903,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0146573860055531,-0.0123879077012531,-0.01146055719672,-0.00968888875378084,-0.00735783541677475,-0.00611906973187942,-0.00535179376584196,-0.00347430868736187,-0.00207935487354749,-0.000797104011895855,-0.000777582267038834,0.00137841461172857,0.00296905815908408,0.00390340607717843,0.0041062612969617,0.00346085933015312,0.00184285924795501,-0.000633082617489504,-0.000777582267038834,-0.0024449474120445,-0.00350111689751751,-0.00397233795128487,-0.00396783493464299,-0.002339337194881,-0.000777582267038834,0.00318332433813786,0.00456390519780175,0.00990539266264229,0.0113611319904222,0.0152468801274829,0.0167308986816785,0.0205883675923235,0.0213462711417356,0.0246589379961752,0.0259298550571641,0.0288948903812312,0.0312713425220046,0.0366128299868452,0.0419543174516858,0.0443237736065976,0.0453420070520264,0.0472958049165264,0.0475406931018117,0.0523028720393968,0.0526372923813669,0.0579787798462075,0.0633202673110481,0.0686617547758887,0.0740032422407292,0.0793447297055698,0.0816970149096187,0.0846862171704104,0.0900277046352509,0.09119549653863,0.0953691921000915,0.100710679564932,0.106052167029773,0.111393654494613,0.114492532194037,0.113337195114805,0.111393654494613,0.111260583466865,0.106734818156197,0.106052167029773,0.100710679564932,0.0953691921000915,0.0900277046352509,0.0857364338107052,0.0846862171704104,0.0793447297055698,0.0740032422407292,0.0686617547758887,0.0669171464123237,0.0645115171942559,0.0633202673110481,0.0612392199529937,0.0579787798462075,0.0526372923813669,0.0472958049165264,0.0446725543797784,0.0452641235008378,0.046469609939033,0.0472958049165264,0.0477755854241387,0.0485766938815361,0.0487947534542576,0.0483818152844635,0.0472958049165264,0.0471413466898919,0.044218731271144,0.0419543174516858,0.0366128299868452,0.0312713425220046,0.0259298550571641,0.0250067250833968,0.0228462247799049,0.022183852686118,0.0229081691255688,0.0243467521875833,0.0259298550571641,0.0259828406507067,0.0276337471404682,0.0283059291542254,0.0284402113340483,0.0283908383472091,0.028217293655706,0.0275066490637597,0.0259298550571641,0.0205883675923235,0.0152468801274829,0.0144231253403863,0.0139470758127003,0.0126618739941611,0.0104640294445651,0.00990539266264229,0.00633969057096042,0.00456390519780175,-0.000777582267038834,-0.00611906973187942,-0.00618367157494266,-0.01146055719672,-0.0128453761808067,-0.0166317777266429,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0220664788049691,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0223458879265881,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0305270702481512,-0.0328265070560823,-0.036268915420997,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0435094819857634,-0.048850969450604,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0711201335918335,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0757604596913786,-0.0808998942396474,-0.086241381704488,-0.0875248734693349,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0969243566341692,-0.10226584409901,-0.10760733156385,-0.112948819028691,-0.116348970414598,-0.118290306493531,-0.119041626150439,-0.121511517859316,-0.123631793958372,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053,-0.137798678748997,-0.139656256352894,-0.14214291003096,-0.144997743817734,-0.149660788018415,-0.150339231282575,-0.150487289851435,-0.155680718747415,-0.158583288886737,-0.161022206212256,-0.166363693677097,-0.16656478266963,-0.171705181141937,-0.17255458934739,-0.175811070717838,-0.177046668606778,-0.178003196258462,-0.179640057005727,-0.18087204135436,-0.182388156071618,-0.182957762417415,-0.187172381294923,-0.187729643536459,-0.193071131001299,-0.193176798206933,-0.19841261846614,-0.203568745768247,-0.203754105930981,-0.209095593395821,-0.213146076402481,-0.214437080860662,-0.215748287553795,-0.216809170815483,-0.217728567212131,-0.219466436261119,-0.219778568325502,-0.225120055790343,-0.230461543255184,-0.23386490291447,-0.235803030720024,-0.240566250808363,-0.239961054142708,-0.238833850461966,-0.23740207373246,-0.235803030720024,-0.234972942930202,-0.23120621721445,-0.230461543255184,-0.227317428166009,-0.225120055790343,-0.224158208495417,-0.222316186300466,-0.22137058250046,-0.221320130005957,-0.221878291412685,-0.222857928388129,-0.224571492842101,-0.225120055790343,-0.229380150343796,-0.230461543255184,-0.235803030720024,-0.238074080303616,-0.241144518184865,-0.242572338120417,-0.245085640093284,-0.246486005649705],"lat":[51.4985963220443,51.4993479774043,51.5017866432083,51.5042253090124,51.5066639748164,51.5091026406204,51.5115413064244,51.5139799722284,51.5156124265708,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5198030314042,51.520709267713,51.5212959696404,51.5221535891259,51.5237346354445,51.5255138850104,51.5261733012485,51.5286119670525,51.5287507517785,51.5310506328565,51.532441446962,51.5334892986605,51.5356903963135,51.5359279644645,51.53768296627,51.5383666302685,51.5408052960726,51.5432439618766,51.5456826276806,51.5467970584856,51.5481212934846,51.5505599592886,51.5529986250926,51.5543610217678,51.5554372908966,51.5561027651353,51.5578759567006,51.5591551771214,51.5603146225047,51.5605230310065,51.5620923462323,51.5624808144088,51.5627532883087,51.5629322158557,51.5639772549489,51.5640278775203,51.5633271375564,51.5631090902142,51.563665361468,51.5651919541127,51.5668152650241,51.5676306199167,51.5700692857207,51.5711725030862,51.5725079515247,51.5737044550275,51.5749466173287,51.5758941590284,51.5773852831328,51.5777164197059,51.5790003050697,51.5790332986731,51.5773852831328,51.5773607445939,51.5749466173287,51.574940958806,51.5743665210654,51.5749466173287,51.5757488027314,51.5773290758272,51.5773852831328,51.5779822750306,51.5782261138126,51.5788986630742,51.5796166265266,51.5798239489368,51.579830116682,51.5798239489368,51.5788363746605,51.5773852831328,51.5762174450422,51.5749466173287,51.5734789489972,51.5725079515247,51.5700692857207,51.5695625346735,51.5676306199167,51.5651919541127,51.5636981758201,51.5627532883087,51.5603146225047,51.5588867509835,51.5578759567006,51.5554372908966,51.5547003730785,51.5529986250926,51.5505599592886,51.5489351834943,51.5481212934846,51.5456826276806,51.5432439618766,51.5429921181575,51.5408052960726,51.5383666302685,51.5374541404936,51.5359279644645,51.5334892986605,51.5318267653868,51.5310506328565,51.5286119670525,51.5261733012485,51.5237346354445,51.5236995352606,51.5212959696404,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5139799722284,51.5115413064244,51.5091026406204,51.5066639748164,51.5064982330906,51.5042253090124,51.5017866432083,51.4993479774043,51.4969093116003,51.4944706457963,51.4937358924237,51.4944706457963,51.4946365129322,51.4967164786552,51.4969093116003,51.497543298277,51.4969093116003,51.4950018308357,51.4944706457963,51.4920319799923,51.490976495813,51.4895933141883,51.4881475248242,51.4878129447268,51.4885758159601,51.4895933141883,51.4920319799923,51.4941584407821,51.4944706457963,51.4969093116003,51.4970222729926,51.4974832728468,51.4971097233845,51.4976153084068,51.4980078496347,51.4973551625535,51.4969093116003,51.4961126012281,51.494827648958,51.4944706457963,51.4932316954953,51.4921431635962,51.4924704665616,51.4937857385998,51.4920319799923,51.4895933141883,51.487264269906,51.4871546483843,51.4847159825803,51.4844122113083,51.4846463453488,51.4843726981275,51.4830877925031,51.4822773167762,51.4820975106376,51.4811023085905,51.4802012779557,51.4809709852688,51.4822773167762,51.4847159825803,51.4858694575517,51.4871546483843,51.4885194864548,51.4887093807237,51.4884178445566,51.4871546483843,51.4847159825803,51.4822773167762,51.4809027883602,51.4798386509722,51.4773999851682,51.4749613193642,51.4725226535602,51.4702329407349,51.4700839877562,51.4676453219522,51.4661888117169,51.4656040573395,51.4670762821386,51.465817910157,51.4652066561481,51.4627679903441,51.4603293245401,51.4578906587361,51.4554519929321,51.4530712275966,51.4530133271281,51.4505746613241,51.4481359955201,51.445697329716,51.443258663912,51.440819998108,51.438381332304,51.4367279831016,51.4368438855109,51.4379011934625,51.4359426665,51.433504000696,51.431065334892,51.428626669088,51.4281653913818,51.4261880032839,51.4252605706518,51.4251548226412,51.4261690536179,51.4261880032839,51.4279762722298,51.428626669088,51.431065334892,51.4312064643945,51.433504000696,51.4335341585095,51.433504000696,51.43278539106,51.431065334892,51.4302867212465,51.428626669088,51.4280183265341,51.4267470123329,51.4265642448138,51.426600651292,51.4268737872543,51.4278407050546,51.4269121223997,51.4261880032839,51.4238060671446,51.4237493374799,51.4225957648818,51.4234380534969,51.4237493374799,51.4247752512153,51.4251027217259,51.4250359235398,51.4255842485219,51.4256382108191,51.4237493374799,51.4222183619972,51.4213106716759,51.4188720058719,51.4174831588109,51.4165138324591,51.4173436293925,51.4188720058719,51.4198301273652,51.4213106716759,51.4231441516611,51.4237493374799,51.4238239727641,51.4237493374799,51.4220055925344,51.4213106716759,51.4207751517441,51.4212390374157,51.4213106716759,51.4232702243016,51.4237493374799,51.4261880032839,51.4277106542314,51.428626669088,51.431065334892,51.433504000696,51.4353760810931,51.4359426665,51.438381332304,51.4385503265418,51.4407903585405,51.440819998108,51.4422652255857,51.443258663912,51.443300538846,51.4442149668979,51.445697329716,51.4465343526088,51.4481359955201,51.4505746613241,51.4530133271281,51.4554519929321,51.4557029730609,51.4577774005089,51.4568412243703,51.4554519929321,51.4536596149762,51.4554519929321,51.4578906587361,51.4603293245401,51.4627679903441,51.4645079570705,51.4652066561481,51.4676453219522,51.4680480193128,51.4700839877562,51.4715048816914,51.4725226535602,51.4749613193642,51.4773999851682,51.4798386509722,51.4822773167762,51.4847159825803,51.4871546483843,51.4875981294927,51.4895933141883,51.4899199619592,51.4912028162078,51.4920319799923,51.4934257116873,51.4944706457963,51.4969093116003,51.4985963220443]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.150339231282575,-0.152796111284694,-0.153620923699943,-0.150339231282575,-0.148069268610658,-0.148737008365653,-0.150339231282575],"lat":[51.4816732076984,51.4822773167762,51.4847159825803,51.4858691212734,51.4847159825803,51.4822773167762,51.4816732076984]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0808998942396474,-0.0813887633882222,-0.0812834454799709,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0734581476727483,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0692086434527978,-0.0674342710348198,-0.0670292770838191,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0753979333805394,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0789823953126439,-0.0808998942396474],"lat":[51.4425220146599,51.443258663912,51.445697329716,51.4460481380984,51.4464840144482,51.445697329716,51.4441160950609,51.443258663912,51.440819998108,51.438381332304,51.4364077688034,51.438381332304,51.438432565698,51.440819998108,51.4425220146599]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.000777582267038834,-0.000973949189567165,-0.00127039030175438,-0.000777582267038834,-0.00072630525900535,0.00456390519780175,0.00854179523618201,0.00990539266264229,0.0104651695296341,0.00990539266264229,0.00951267634454676,0.00456390519780175,-0.000777582267038834],"lat":[51.4721557517757,51.4725226535602,51.4749613193642,51.4773278683095,51.4773999851682,51.4796264583083,51.4773999851682,51.4758583364938,51.4749613193642,51.4731902356462,51.4725226535602,51.4702393906788,51.4721557517757]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.241144518184865,-0.242422677675569,-0.243699468599867,-0.243900411784981,-0.243110468707161,-0.241506272582269,-0.241144518184865,-0.237721846501909,-0.235803030720024,-0.230461543255184,-0.225979421249147,-0.225120055790343,-0.221775341246517,-0.21995823326309,-0.219778568325502,-0.218093244661179,-0.215297946799872,-0.214437080860662,-0.212098033191623,-0.209095593395821,-0.208447793202711,-0.203754105930981,-0.201163616686581,-0.19841261846614,-0.194716171539492,-0.193941552573578,-0.194740824717768,-0.19593908953844,-0.197293084015198,-0.19841261846614,-0.19876971634311,-0.199791442818531,-0.199729011451323,-0.19841261846614,-0.196653332008339,-0.193071131001299,-0.187729643536459,-0.182388156071618,-0.18184168187948,-0.177046668606778,-0.171705181141937,-0.166363693677097,-0.161022206212256,-0.155680718747415,-0.150339231282575,-0.148624652089539,-0.144997743817734,-0.144782202659771,-0.143164375439873,-0.141085945192816,-0.139656256352894,-0.137616691924647,-0.134314768888053,-0.1324505328932,-0.128973281423213,-0.124691437328204,-0.123631793958372,-0.118290306493531,-0.117450872135521,-0.112948819028691,-0.111204835018988,-0.10760733156385,-0.10226584409901,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0874326147534678,-0.086241381704488,-0.0828983683614,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0740017103146311,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0552676165050487,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0497828766113032,-0.048850969450604,-0.0464647892827935,-0.0442245582992937,-0.0435094819857634,-0.0419926300214253,-0.0398955254146972,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0378657028876323,-0.0353671088306958,-0.0332127990230488,-0.0328265070560823,-0.0317422313608569,-0.0313730726008979,-0.0318333402349395,-0.030452453797431,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0219426603883945,-0.0184872686585421,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0152978954746161,-0.0124842338972641,-0.01146055719672,-0.00990739331266974,-0.00804940537266099,-0.00658834878594023,-0.00611906973187942,-0.00502806682756107,-0.003534931195482,-0.00232885427247377,-0.00166589927815513,-0.0018559578933076,-0.00319710686365152,-0.00585685558481691,-0.00611906973187942,-0.01146055719672,-0.0115302323407791,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0221917616068717,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0290697755512557,-0.0328265070560823,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0431993917776587,-0.0435094819857634,-0.048850969450604,-0.049067245072854,-0.0499264562114481,-0.0497454505862082,-0.0501446260554212,-0.052849054882363,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0551267634576403,-0.0550174805998562,-0.0541924569154446,-0.048850969450604,-0.0444286300733662,-0.0445831942928445,-0.04674705361512,-0.0479969696589881,-0.0479023368498487,-0.0458256072560245,-0.0435094819857634,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0377877377658782,-0.03599719638137,-0.035127667061361,-0.0349664732377214,-0.0352923446372324,-0.0339941829446221,-0.0328265070560823,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0168020446615605,-0.01146055719672,-0.00930184236286345,-0.00729566946141538,-0.00707175662389525,-0.00761423962674701,-0.00846117312020959,-0.0092985577663552,-0.00975987811318925,-0.00936401200059531,-0.00762758135974131,-0.00611906973187942,-0.00584968341849444,-0.00611379710987262,-0.00611906973187942,-0.00806273046870251,-0.0092682297420399,-0.00981709517385274,-0.0103327205730305,-0.01146055719672,-0.0114606059226349,-0.0146506025885138,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0217437334120389,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0228712502322302,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0215358405423934,-0.0193702213841814,-0.0175463106739841,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0154136577557228,-0.014648428418681,-0.0146722375363129,-0.0152719336330814,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0188822648571075,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0316251836868187,-0.0328265070560823,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0435094819857634,-0.0454447365181331,-0.048850969450604,-0.0507101211190468,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0547499118203351,-0.0582781027309199,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0608323365372124,-0.0620829355105233,-0.0628700892991083,-0.0637598957824276,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0761424020548879,-0.0808998942396474,-0.083732034207352,-0.086241381704488,-0.0864712662043694,-0.0879253917249316,-0.0901422163931274,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0920598316663673,-0.0929317352356516,-0.0927198346360973,-0.0916926005606795,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0904219125196219,-0.0895157667328387,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0984053011591284,-0.10226584409901,-0.102490174065151,-0.10760733156385,-0.108888205101535,-0.112948819028691,-0.115694376542565,-0.118290306493531,-0.118780164358618,-0.12075449186303,-0.123056356242789,-0.123631793958372,-0.125906559868317,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053,-0.135866164962154,-0.137057969384302,-0.136674008873712,-0.135437630234599,-0.134314768888053,-0.134261856667521,-0.134314768888053,-0.134795677515418,-0.139656256352894,-0.141546216072897,-0.144997743817734,-0.145839399561212,-0.149390174840328,-0.150339231282575,-0.151985080177335,-0.154146598172689,-0.155680718747415,-0.157518069000186,-0.161022206212256,-0.166363693677097,-0.168679495268666,-0.171453050868842,-0.171705181141937,-0.172171308776474,-0.171705181141937,-0.171041526578844,-0.168750133519285,-0.166363693677097,-0.16624962201988,-0.164743132601243,-0.163694621819498,-0.162769415594718,-0.162090870723793,-0.162077806337125,-0.16290904263267,-0.164618008313892,-0.166363693677097,-0.16949216668753,-0.171705181141937,-0.173982131637479,-0.177046668606778,-0.177535464226027,-0.178579666533382,-0.179404161700805,-0.180610968074269,-0.182388156071618,-0.18331993276221,-0.187729643536459,-0.189280429699417,-0.192530788612611,-0.193071131001299,-0.193747653088292,-0.193944400889166,-0.193898617888165,-0.193179833053183,-0.193071131001299,-0.190710671890487,-0.187729643536459,-0.186346940904491,-0.183314345196999,-0.182388156071618,-0.181146266231686,-0.17963217825824,-0.178116451773895,-0.177046668606778,-0.176779640540573,-0.176660918049469,-0.177046668606778,-0.181412381845647,-0.182388156071618,-0.183664940749122,-0.186759354108452,-0.187729643536459,-0.193071131001299,-0.197978489528834,-0.19841261846614,-0.203289605123341,-0.203754105930981,-0.205560568285446,-0.206852065686586,-0.209095593395821,-0.214437080860662,-0.216607276218081,-0.218667210471801,-0.218495183272906,-0.217292551744307,-0.216276918689198,-0.21575100007348,-0.215555156875945,-0.215517485166003,-0.215520426538949,-0.215530328369468,-0.215676741979042,-0.21641278643022,-0.218749506365416,-0.219778568325502,-0.225120055790343,-0.228525667278585,-0.230461543255184,-0.235803030720024,-0.236388599083743,-0.239961379185759,-0.241144518184865],"lat":[51.5002836582536,51.5017866432083,51.5042253090124,51.5066639748164,51.5091026406204,51.5115413064244,51.5119616700185,51.5139799722284,51.5147922124202,51.5157314972775,51.5164186380324,51.516626857093,51.5188573038364,51.5212959696404,51.5214708549311,51.5237346354445,51.5261733012485,51.5267806275927,51.5286119670525,51.5307520432044,51.5310506328565,51.5329540549467,51.5334892986605,51.5341437203411,51.5359279644645,51.5383666302685,51.5408052960726,51.5432439618766,51.5456826276806,51.547565778064,51.5481212934846,51.5505599592886,51.5529986250926,51.5543521210287,51.5554372908966,51.5567515505434,51.5572833911678,51.5577609676103,51.5578759567006,51.5588423678055,51.5592793984591,51.559303311433,51.5595556020065,51.5596137139668,51.5598857222355,51.5603146225047,51.5624969015002,51.5627532883087,51.5651919541127,51.5676306199167,51.5686669625009,51.5700692857207,51.5717369774493,51.5725079515247,51.5738003561084,51.5749466173287,51.5752212588919,51.5752333823672,51.5749466173287,51.5732853943603,51.5725079515247,51.5709516076518,51.5704014761609,51.5710178858422,51.5710695921318,51.5700692857207,51.5695776202323,51.5700692857207,51.5703012845402,51.5719837782546,51.5725079515247,51.5735647314682,51.5743831875983,51.573915589557,51.5725079515247,51.5722366514078,51.5700692857207,51.5695169571823,51.5676306199167,51.5651919541127,51.5643392323613,51.5627532883087,51.5603146225047,51.5581394372855,51.5578759567006,51.5554372908966,51.5529986250926,51.5522748213747,51.5505599592886,51.5481212934846,51.5456826276806,51.5432439618766,51.5427064315151,51.5409655342833,51.5408052960726,51.5383666302685,51.537222592803,51.5359279644645,51.5334892986605,51.5325961503326,51.5310506328565,51.5286119670525,51.5261733012485,51.5253455960352,51.5237346354445,51.5212959696404,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5139799722284,51.5115413064244,51.5091026406204,51.5088842843026,51.5066698203972,51.5066639748164,51.5058719156212,51.5066596378547,51.5066639748164,51.5069154455466,51.5066639748164,51.5056667900077,51.5046077266545,51.5042253090124,51.5041004513338,51.50196659101,51.5017866432083,51.4993479774043,51.4969093116003,51.4944706457963,51.4920319799923,51.4911288433531,51.4895933141883,51.4871546483843,51.4868839584706,51.4865637996336,51.4871546483843,51.4895933141883,51.4920319799923,51.4944706457963,51.4969093116003,51.4993479774043,51.500443095485,51.4998943320017,51.4993479774043,51.4969093116003,51.4944706457963,51.4920319799923,51.4895933141883,51.4871546483843,51.4869447573399,51.4868306142193,51.486781752414,51.4863897559222,51.4858437080887,51.4847159825803,51.4822773167762,51.4798386509722,51.4773999851682,51.4749613193642,51.4725226535602,51.4700839877562,51.4676453219522,51.4652066561481,51.4632968740362,51.4627679903441,51.4603293245401,51.4603204383909,51.4578906587361,51.4554519929321,51.4530133271281,51.4505746613241,51.4481360678728,51.4481359955201,51.445697329716,51.4447024417343,51.445697329716,51.4460562813636,51.4481359955201,51.4495205434729,51.4505746613241,51.4530133271281,51.4554519929321,51.4568917345498,51.4578906587361,51.4603293245401,51.4627679903441,51.4652066561481,51.4665114901997,51.4676453219522,51.4683267195224,51.4686785134657,51.4700839877562,51.4706118378861,51.4721226756304,51.470812087729,51.4700839877562,51.4687871694966,51.4676453219522,51.4656028278938,51.4652066561481,51.4627679903441,51.4617469610075,51.4603293245401,51.4578906587361,51.4554519929321,51.4530133271281,51.4518032188208,51.4518392219017,51.4528616190524,51.4530133271281,51.455228623504,51.4554519929321,51.4570208151361,51.4554519929321,51.4530133271281,51.4505746613241,51.4487208746137,51.4481359955201,51.445697329716,51.443258663912,51.440819998108,51.4405902734865,51.438381332304,51.4359426665,51.4338021881178,51.4335372758935,51.433504000696,51.4334359070191,51.433504000696,51.4354372952726,51.4359426665,51.4378626729659,51.4359426665,51.4342032509513,51.433504000696,51.431065334892,51.428626669088,51.4280330023508,51.4261880032839,51.4239641527147,51.4248877531172,51.4261880032839,51.428626669088,51.431065334892,51.433504000696,51.4357914229321,51.4359426665,51.4365913912044,51.438381332304,51.4396431833479,51.438381332304,51.4364454533883,51.4359426665,51.433504000696,51.43286549403,51.431065334892,51.428626669088,51.4274865970769,51.4261880032839,51.4247074750227,51.4250105142577,51.4261880032839,51.428626669088,51.4294817284578,51.431065334892,51.432094161823,51.433504000696,51.4359426665,51.4382567711632,51.438381332304,51.440819998108,51.443258663912,51.445697329716,51.4481359955201,51.4505746613241,51.4530133271281,51.4554519929321,51.4568683753619,51.4578906587361,51.458544728754,51.4578906587361,51.4560642019109,51.4554519929321,51.4530133271281,51.4505746613241,51.4481359955201,51.4459285093403,51.445697329716,51.4450159556237,51.445697329716,51.4481359955201,51.4493806220355,51.4505746613241,51.4530133271281,51.4554519929321,51.4578906587361,51.4579811144121,51.4603293245401,51.4619168313058,51.4627679903441,51.4652066561481,51.4661627743614,51.4676453219522,51.4700839877562,51.4725226535602,51.473836285501,51.4749613193642,51.4773999851682,51.4781128160541,51.4773999851682,51.4772093235824,51.4749613193642,51.4725226535602,51.4721891350118,51.4711307172135,51.4700839877562,51.4699696282729,51.4676453219522,51.4671694625891,51.4652066561481,51.4627679903441,51.4609801096265,51.4613876034675,51.4627679903441,51.4652066561481,51.4676453219522,51.4700839877562,51.4725226535602,51.4749613193642,51.4773999851682,51.4798386509722,51.4822773167762,51.4847159825803,51.4871546483843,51.4895933141883,51.4920319799923,51.492560973484,51.4938350961892,51.4944706457963,51.4948193193756,51.4965756875785,51.4969093116003,51.4993479774043,51.5002836582536]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.177046668606778,-0.177518463551948,-0.177046668606778,-0.173760853594218,-0.171705181141937,-0.166363693677097,-0.161022206212256,-0.155680718747415,-0.155165451897461,-0.153744754110974,-0.155680718747415,-0.161022206212256,-0.165673119484438,-0.166363693677097,-0.171705181141937,-0.17352045142893,-0.177046668606778],"lat":[51.5062434494145,51.5066639748164,51.5069917287054,51.5091026406204,51.5097144857315,51.5107503512051,51.5107716224848,51.5093958177879,51.5091026406204,51.5066639748164,51.5056339142817,51.5053381785736,51.5042253090124,51.504099734644,51.503744112358,51.5042253090124,51.5062434494145]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.166363693677097,-0.166686736552254,-0.166363693677097,-0.16626463475516,-0.161022206212256,-0.155680718747415,-0.152272137903108,-0.150339231282575,-0.14858996178186,-0.147535828413459,-0.149060036552312,-0.150339231282575,-0.155680718747415,-0.158087687442488,-0.161022206212256,-0.164767565213237,-0.166363693677097],"lat":[51.5355354327385,51.5359279644645,51.5378871481408,51.5383666302685,51.5406929869966,51.5397480534971,51.5383666302685,51.5374613545631,51.5359279644645,51.5334892986605,51.5310506328565,51.5303699176533,51.5305502080831,51.5310506328565,51.5320202708739,51.5334892986605,51.5355354327385]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.161022206212256,-0.162653997635825,-0.164558424939426,-0.164134962225003,-0.161754068404436,-0.161022206212256,-0.158092543003585,-0.155680718747415,-0.151969866897458,-0.150339231282575,-0.148770221251519,-0.144997743817734,-0.141985088108341,-0.139656256352894,-0.134314768888053,-0.13118087850658,-0.129336246812575,-0.130446892398381,-0.133357176381711,-0.134314768888053,-0.139482027797587,-0.139656256352894,-0.144997743817734,-0.149991544110001,-0.150339231282575,-0.153468485697009,-0.155680718747415,-0.159331825220452,-0.161022206212256],"lat":[51.478633883875,51.4798386509722,51.4822773167762,51.4847159825803,51.4871546483843,51.4876461675319,51.4895933141883,51.4910983341323,51.4920319799923,51.4926139345174,51.4920319799923,51.4909567227829,51.4895933141883,51.4885868242548,51.4877174435556,51.4871546483843,51.4847159825803,51.4822773167762,51.4798386509722,51.4793646625177,51.4773999851682,51.4773426602418,51.4760505429521,51.4749613193642,51.4748752324096,51.4749613193642,51.475029621944,51.4773999851682,51.478633883875]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.123631793958372,-0.124112508646059,-0.123631793958372,-0.122942362360086,-0.123631793958372],"lat":[51.4976247551256,51.4993479774043,51.500081123721,51.4993479774043,51.4976247551256]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.10226584409901,-0.103222358088651,-0.103355118577222,-0.10226584409901,-0.0998362969396082,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0915828691693286,-0.086241381704488,-0.082863354211426,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0787122919606939,-0.0761926719855295,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0753415217799239,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0848867899457402,-0.086241381704488,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0969243566341692,-0.10226584409901],"lat":[51.5133191912748,51.5139799722284,51.5164186380324,51.5174326795063,51.5188573038364,51.519905090022,51.5208969535677,51.5201037003498,51.5188573038364,51.5179479425184,51.5164186380324,51.5139799722284,51.5122859801045,51.5115413064244,51.5112204346488,51.5104863857551,51.5115413064244,51.5118747901626,51.5126808969644,51.5126876747522,51.5133191912748]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.048850969450604,-0.0493950021946782,-0.048850969450604,-0.0476992269423817,-0.048850969450604],"lat":[51.4405913523983,51.440819998108,51.4414129293441,51.440819998108,51.4405913523983]}]],[[{"lng":[0.00990539266264229,0.0098183584724299,0.00813460643989599,0.00967685983274501,0.00990539266264229,0.0109063759794268,0.0152468801274829,0.0159299941101265,0.0156239254024,0.0152468801274829,0.00990539266264229],"lat":[51.4846651485851,51.4847159825803,51.4871546483843,51.4895933141883,51.4897235774875,51.4895933141883,51.4881066689083,51.4871546483843,51.4847159825803,51.4844377581445,51.4846651485851]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.235803030720024,-0.236246954291145,-0.236731125570422,-0.235803030720024,-0.23458625653949,-0.230461543255184,-0.225120055790343,-0.219778568325502,-0.214437080860662,-0.212834716652903,-0.211143656664388,-0.210151826075004,-0.209509653902996,-0.209315957771429,-0.214437080860662,-0.219778568325502,-0.225120055790343,-0.227094942463395,-0.230461543255184,-0.233146247471937,-0.235803030720024],"lat":[51.5037289119904,51.5042253090124,51.5066639748164,51.5081535647738,51.5091026406204,51.5104529453148,51.5112736336335,51.5114882879762,51.5103962375292,51.5091026406204,51.5066639748164,51.5042253090124,51.5017866432083,51.4993479774043,51.4975338998076,51.4981035551101,51.4988696882746,51.4993479774043,51.5004512599858,51.5017866432083,51.5037289119904]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.209095593395821,-0.209961024323317,-0.210646133456262,-0.210687903291019,-0.210225469626124,-0.209328092506749,-0.209095593395821,-0.207570228181395,-0.205933309084543,-0.204479693872527,-0.203754105930981,-0.20131359737477,-0.19841261846614,-0.19785816009531,-0.196316188607724,-0.194352869168672,-0.193071131001299,-0.192411436422322,-0.193071131001299,-0.194197274524024,-0.198238095769883,-0.19841261846614,-0.202646245703513,-0.203754105930981,-0.207908792391561,-0.209095593395821,-0.211337373405523,-0.212661539531159,-0.212575443837617,-0.211082868062626,-0.209095593395821,-0.208151240128574,-0.203754105930981,-0.202949740037081,-0.19841261846614,-0.193071131001299,-0.188833553690623,-0.187729643536459,-0.186632085163488,-0.182388156071618,-0.177046668606778,-0.171705181141937,-0.166363693677097,-0.161022206212256,-0.157983735768135,-0.155680718747415,-0.150339231282575,-0.14793293320861,-0.144997743817734,-0.143986596516987,-0.142963551593118,-0.143817536107848,-0.144997743817734,-0.146379749446144,-0.15021972361532,-0.150339231282575,-0.155680718747415,-0.156288150996664,-0.161022206212256,-0.165521833640477,-0.166363693677097,-0.167085741655102,-0.171705181141937,-0.171718975790547,-0.174346037865065,-0.177032165307176,-0.177046668606778,-0.182388156071618,-0.185152466679674,-0.187729643536459,-0.188419989522468,-0.189826148523116,-0.190790386345112,-0.190657305514452,-0.187729643536459,-0.187151056849483,-0.182388156071618,-0.177880224824646,-0.177046668606778,-0.171705181141937,-0.166363693677097,-0.165206233803318,-0.161022206212256,-0.155680718747415,-0.150339231282575,-0.144997743817734,-0.139656256352894,-0.137962805322729,-0.136673713460543,-0.136044782322025,-0.135173234034411,-0.134314768888053,-0.132764781618155,-0.128973281423213,-0.128164195794459,-0.123631793958372,-0.118290306493531,-0.114926561912891,-0.112948819028691,-0.109456279073447,-0.10760733156385,-0.10226584409901,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0949542394877947,-0.0916678899012819,-0.0915828691693286,-0.086241381704488,-0.0814439895863611,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0761923024676019,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0709949598022599,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0642144741983546,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0575847215309724,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0511903276906144,-0.048850969450604,-0.0481330232988893,-0.0460244082571197,-0.0440515007794666,-0.0435094819857634,-0.0422005543670616,-0.0407417634263712,-0.0396716287244586,-0.039153606953052,-0.0393396335602151,-0.0399272450210605,-0.0404852855809912,-0.0406938431447183,-0.0397748333760887,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0328265070560823,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0213892986461003,-0.017634590912661,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0145366676414649,-0.0119223673784461,-0.01146055719672,-0.0101303907137566,-0.00875869493233803,-0.00747218354373603,-0.00636306909650669,-0.00611906973187942,-0.00590351551847942,-0.00611906973187942,-0.00674293762926513,-0.0100417400546095,-0.01146055719672,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0328265070560823,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0435094819857634,-0.048850969450604,-0.0514915206146757,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0594607183822753,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0645479334308179,-0.0634146561672465,-0.0625268705905764,-0.0623675229135695,-0.0634770176592078,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0680844491362439,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0737077955763467,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0772601660314358,-0.0794020478701583,-0.0803039630099498,-0.0797565135629015,-0.0782652845968676,-0.0763162449180895,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0747696738957067,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0676325156332565,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0541924569154446,-0.048850969450604,-0.0480568086228859,-0.048850969450604,-0.0514044391509667,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0549621560317938,-0.0575014075701901,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0607736129076196,-0.0646924585718667,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0689766516447971,-0.0701273207332071,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0704753217651586,-0.0719831920210994,-0.0726785573797617,-0.0738363766090872,-0.0751481413542164,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0808998942396474,-0.086241381704488,-0.0870856418245117,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0992589357380764,-0.0984081815666829,-0.0972530085704121,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0962154814352504,-0.0958904328770021,-0.0968568804532922,-0.0969243566341692,-0.101427690810559,-0.10226584409901,-0.10760733156385,-0.10890033641067,-0.112948819028691,-0.114940219150129,-0.118290306493531,-0.119352258616368,-0.12268715809818,-0.123631793958372,-0.125911406862115,-0.128973281423213,-0.130251664721545,-0.132675485973383,-0.134069356091008,-0.134314768888053,-0.135163004032191,-0.137589597935455,-0.139656256352894,-0.140576570661499,-0.143165853258306,-0.144997743817734,-0.14721299363848,-0.150339231282575,-0.153270088061626,-0.155680718747415,-0.157483796078246,-0.157745082486364,-0.157283591895559,-0.156553441406981,-0.15575009982714,-0.155680718747415,-0.154680843544075,-0.152477814752283,-0.150339231282575,-0.144997743817734,-0.139656256352894,-0.138667080064712,-0.138830700836503,-0.139571106975945,-0.139656256352894,-0.141015845413623,-0.143061081664643,-0.144932993244055,-0.144427278686646,-0.139656256352894,-0.139347072356955,-0.134314768888053,-0.132872069068469,-0.128973281423213,-0.126275994057609,-0.123631793958372,-0.123521638226122,-0.122644526196551,-0.121909390521871,-0.120683226285186,-0.118660730776132,-0.118290306493531,-0.115811134534761,-0.113916662937418,-0.112948819028691,-0.112602692762872,-0.112106523057672,-0.112587800833184,-0.112948819028691,-0.11394190076625,-0.118290306493531,-0.123631793958372,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053,-0.139656256352894,-0.143377954924112,-0.144997743817734,-0.148483743838706,-0.150339231282575,-0.152603208075756,-0.155680718747415,-0.161022206212256,-0.166363693677097,-0.171705181141937,-0.174016677772733,-0.177046668606778,-0.18165216968336,-0.182388156071618,-0.186701163203337,-0.185357026713804,-0.182388156071618,-0.177046668606778,-0.176468038091937,-0.171705181141937,-0.166363693677097,-0.161022206212256,-0.159097371896618,-0.158297414954075,-0.15990178440532,-0.161022206212256,-0.163216364900723,-0.166363693677097,-0.167027050732743,-0.171705181141937,-0.171987858483237,-0.177046668606778,-0.182388156071618,-0.187729643536459,-0.188395562338045,-0.19046283078896,-0.191161614256982,-0.192593320684631,-0.193071131001299,-0.196483657658089,-0.19841261846614,-0.203754105930981,-0.209095593395821],"lat":[51.4736390771582,51.4749613193642,51.4773999851682,51.4798386509722,51.4822773167762,51.4847159825803,51.4853129623725,51.4871546483843,51.4895933141883,51.4920319799923,51.4927251847714,51.4944706457963,51.4956475404711,51.4969093116003,51.4993479774043,51.5017866432083,51.5039632022122,51.5042253090124,51.5045771494882,51.5066639748164,51.5091026406204,51.5091931215492,51.5115413064244,51.5123744379238,51.5139799722284,51.5147308635441,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5212959696404,51.5237346354445,51.5256191312249,51.5261733012485,51.5283965853056,51.5286119670525,51.5296368474055,51.530577627629,51.5310506328565,51.5313035254517,51.5310506328565,51.5302090711538,51.5290342097548,51.5300406289407,51.5300106439827,51.5292683513626,51.5286119670525,51.5281906104501,51.5277473015153,51.5286119670525,51.5301906112072,51.5310506328565,51.5334892986605,51.5359279644645,51.5370982586063,51.5383666302685,51.5408052960726,51.5408700677451,51.5430774123047,51.5432439618766,51.5448881628202,51.5456826276806,51.5459565214958,51.5456826276806,51.5432566253111,51.5432439618766,51.5408052960726,51.5383666302685,51.5383528977114,51.5368612903087,51.5383666302685,51.5397210180768,51.5408052960726,51.5432439618766,51.5456826276806,51.5481212934846,51.5503290550991,51.5505599592886,51.551774294671,51.5529986250926,51.5531850185811,51.5536545923262,51.5549850121893,51.5554372908966,51.5562831856992,51.5564775730208,51.556099085469,51.5554584851309,51.5564154688486,51.5578759567006,51.5603146225047,51.5627532883087,51.5651919541127,51.5662183828006,51.5676306199167,51.5697091328632,51.5700692857207,51.5714782285919,51.5714621627956,51.5700692857207,51.5691367588839,51.5676306199167,51.5667187504225,51.5662187072689,51.5661042292489,51.5651919541127,51.5627532883087,51.5626716287918,51.5611803609119,51.5627532883087,51.5629227123981,51.5651919541127,51.5654866887295,51.5676306199167,51.5679628209568,51.5699864399164,51.5700692857207,51.5705330907526,51.5700692857207,51.569332447494,51.5676306199167,51.5658830186196,51.5651919541127,51.5627532883087,51.5603146225047,51.5595747633572,51.5578759567006,51.5554372908966,51.5529986250926,51.5505599592886,51.5481212934846,51.5456826276806,51.5432439618766,51.5408052960726,51.5383666302685,51.5372169773723,51.5372650103081,51.537800583759,51.5364350487466,51.5359279644645,51.5334892986605,51.5330189915021,51.5310506328565,51.5286119670525,51.5281349771888,51.5261733012485,51.5237346354445,51.5212959696404,51.5188573038364,51.5175570541205,51.5164186380324,51.5156044537469,51.5139799722284,51.5115413064244,51.5108858653168,51.5104815501389,51.5110186133992,51.5111174744774,51.5105523788725,51.5108001476636,51.5113324673128,51.5101421169576,51.5091026406204,51.5080395123326,51.5066639748164,51.5066253506185,51.5042253090124,51.5017866432083,51.4993479774043,51.4969093116003,51.4944706457963,51.4933008367496,51.4920319799923,51.4914454351153,51.4895933141883,51.4886803172981,51.4871546483843,51.4847159825803,51.4822773167762,51.4798386509722,51.4773999851682,51.4749613193642,51.4735751481666,51.4749613193642,51.4764481182364,51.4773999851682,51.4782587375372,51.4787654986301,51.4786701807242,51.4782442302094,51.4773999851682,51.4766882890015,51.4749613193642,51.4734289689995,51.4725226535602,51.4700839877562,51.4684317548097,51.4676453219522,51.4652066561481,51.4650551760806,51.4627679903441,51.4603293245401,51.460204283219,51.4603293245401,51.4627679903441,51.4652066561481,51.4676453219522,51.4700839877562,51.471401834437,51.4720390672395,51.4702871223082,51.4700839877562,51.4687256213293,51.4684255234612,51.4676453219522,51.4652066561481,51.4627679903441,51.462095450686,51.4603293245401,51.4578906587361,51.4554519929321,51.4553762312503,51.4530133271281,51.4526589108368,51.4509845988676,51.4505746613241,51.4491186827914,51.4481359955201,51.4462813490654,51.445697329716,51.443258663912,51.4422634450314,51.443258663912,51.4444882601794,51.445697329716,51.4481359955201,51.4505746613241,51.4511518888449,51.4505746613241,51.4481359955201,51.4471413326648,51.445697329716,51.443258663912,51.4419819046616,51.440819998108,51.4391111387955,51.438381332304,51.4371536646766,51.438381332304,51.440819998108,51.443258663912,51.445697329716,51.4481359955201,51.4483690067178,51.4505746613241,51.4530133271281,51.4538972472484,51.4543229300904,51.4541150112497,51.4554519929321,51.4578906587361,51.4603293245401,51.4604955842523,51.4627679903441,51.4652066561481,51.4676453219522,51.4700839877562,51.472343757686,51.4725226535602,51.4744312207907,51.4749613193642,51.4764397853109,51.4773999851682,51.479703142259,51.4798386509722,51.4822773167762,51.4847159825803,51.4871546483843,51.4895933141883,51.489941925822,51.4920319799923,51.4944706457963,51.4963549123227,51.4969093116003,51.4993479774043,51.5017866432083,51.5024918327106,51.5042253090124,51.5058313766479,51.5053212009347,51.5047270860986,51.5046801794577,51.5053925373328,51.5066639748164,51.5071537905629,51.5091026406204,51.5103234517312,51.5115413064244,51.5128134328669,51.5134425276785,51.5131946766098,51.5122019289646,51.5115413064244,51.5105522548181,51.5091026406204,51.5086313435762,51.5066639748164,51.5042253090124,51.5036345702572,51.5019536608489,51.5017866432083,51.5002917973644,51.5000297470835,51.5003020301853,51.4993479774043,51.4969093116003,51.4944706457963,51.4935933595341,51.4920319799923,51.4899731384554,51.4895933141883,51.4872370912185,51.4871546483843,51.4859033716499,51.4855564223306,51.4849442230071,51.4847159825803,51.4822773167762,51.4798386509722,51.4773999851682,51.4770378605071,51.4749613193642,51.474274602638,51.4728122981204,51.4736390771582]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.161022206212256,-0.161269324093597,-0.161284200791892,-0.161022206212256,-0.160754949930858,-0.160954517486644,-0.161022206212256],"lat":[51.4309770502927,51.431065334892,51.433504000696,51.4339786311346,51.433504000696,51.431065334892,51.4309770502927]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.128973281423213,-0.129254239040351,-0.12971571051171,-0.129488368522361,-0.128973281423213,-0.128478036566882,-0.126517834099954,-0.123631793958372,-0.122418446135083,-0.118290306493531,-0.114063242397784,-0.112948819028691,-0.107722438102484,-0.10760733156385,-0.10636988038109,-0.10760733156385,-0.10794681771816,-0.10992147596499,-0.112948819028691,-0.113263696716398,-0.118290306493531,-0.122147595594805,-0.123631793958372,-0.125114332027042,-0.128973281423213],"lat":[51.537905083539,51.5383666302685,51.5408052960726,51.5432439618766,51.5447343092974,51.5456826276806,51.5481212934846,51.5502374991158,51.5505599592886,51.5514841085566,51.5505599592886,51.5502366110695,51.5481212934846,51.5478813696229,51.5456826276806,51.5441075399965,51.5432439618766,51.5408052960726,51.5385284343271,51.5383666302685,51.5369243164476,51.5359279644645,51.5356202343882,51.5359279644645,51.537905083539]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.10760733156385,-0.108303582283308,-0.108695397128538,-0.108136746549984,-0.10760733156385,-0.105931603152985,-0.10226584409901,-0.101017218241005,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0915828691693286,-0.086241381704488,-0.0834938917819801,-0.0808998942396474,-0.078130012677414,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0743282896292733,-0.0717561819386998,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0695163084261729,-0.0676087822352315,-0.0660289675876759,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0791429329095967,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0859909907168147,-0.086241381704488,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0969243566341692,-0.10226584409901,-0.10760733156385],"lat":[51.5106078656259,51.5115413064244,51.5139799722284,51.5164186380324,51.5173348769296,51.5188573038364,51.5208373968017,51.5212959696404,51.5226639333673,51.5233894351312,51.5223793978408,51.5212959696404,51.5202826424665,51.5188573038364,51.5172208201424,51.5164186380324,51.5139799722284,51.5121145219389,51.5115413064244,51.5091026406204,51.5066639748164,51.5052372380674,51.5054836641907,51.5066639748164,51.5070578330595,51.5091026406204,51.5091822282794,51.510150765343,51.5098868561303,51.509442815857,51.5106078656259]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.10226584409901,-0.102881931610959,-0.103745936811086,-0.103468180763682,-0.10226584409901,-0.101497586716578,-0.100689393990115,-0.100098042688644,-0.10226584409901],"lat":[51.4687916833491,51.4700839877562,51.4725226535602,51.4749613193642,51.4766011188233,51.4749613193642,51.4725226535602,51.4700839877562,51.4687916833491]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0221435321264011,-0.0229369287341622,-0.0223417474698947,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0219153955610349,-0.0213449903761377,-0.0221435321264011],"lat":[51.4770818969784,51.4773999851682,51.4798386509722,51.4799082598104,51.4798386509722,51.4773999851682,51.4770818969784]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.19841261846614,-0.199806937366399,-0.202197144594726,-0.203548673856299,-0.203423565260939,-0.199789345811085,-0.19841261846614,-0.193071131001299,-0.189071905669092,-0.187729643536459,-0.187362935354078,-0.182388156071618,-0.177046668606778,-0.171705181141937,-0.170890563314218,-0.166363693677097,-0.161022206212256,-0.155680718747415,-0.155600359731106,-0.150339231282575,-0.148857575589956,-0.144997743817734,-0.143267884244267,-0.140242539411281,-0.139656256352894,-0.136524757049833,-0.134314768888053,-0.132718848142808,-0.128973281423213,-0.123631793958372,-0.118290306493531,-0.112948819028691,-0.111364884297639,-0.10760733156385,-0.103977733829929,-0.10226584409901,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0885805652296317,-0.0873788471691082,-0.0873800959758333,-0.0875083332249881,-0.0875107956064226,-0.087321705446758,-0.086691201251765,-0.086241381704488,-0.0849752194251435,-0.0811183729929982,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0757187112460202,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0700436454926432,-0.0658760432523657,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0528190060052056,-0.0502947385359729,-0.048850969450604,-0.0480880383631717,-0.0466302488775331,-0.0456446777718255,-0.0453092609982475,-0.0454531342639753,-0.0456651995721579,-0.0458404545301318,-0.0461263321158433,-0.0465089262733301,-0.0467582761676424,-0.0465782741416766,-0.0455804791179361,-0.0435094819857634,-0.0418396731149882,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0329170530477883,-0.0328265070560823,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0242775614281175,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0177346464201333,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0149035190004245,-0.0129784371415499,-0.01146055719672,-0.0112420831716479,-0.0105628637895393,-0.0108006434539357,-0.01146055719672,-0.0168020446615605,-0.0221435321264011,-0.0274850195912417,-0.0328265070560823,-0.0381679945209228,-0.0383437252902418,-0.0435094819857634,-0.0476193442340425,-0.048850969450604,-0.0516612483399,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0589345010568303,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0601313376895062,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0667841284261638,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0705914199364578,-0.074167214837722,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0791052792352646,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0849280513302576,-0.086241381704488,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0969243566341692,-0.10179734544617,-0.10226584409901,-0.10738312274308,-0.10760733156385,-0.109571290053938,-0.110845366198234,-0.111896892633211,-0.112948819028691,-0.113241090774368,-0.116197678116042,-0.118290306493531,-0.123631793958372,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053,-0.139656256352894,-0.143662183301186,-0.144997743817734,-0.148173285495785,-0.150339231282575,-0.152501352746021,-0.155680718747415,-0.161022206212256,-0.166363693677097,-0.171705181141937,-0.172322389091494,-0.177046668606778,-0.180488310561203,-0.182388156071618,-0.187729643536459,-0.193071131001299,-0.196267655428335,-0.19841261846614],"lat":[51.5130419377841,51.5139799722284,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5212959696404,51.5237346354445,51.5242339125129,51.5259359531804,51.5261733012485,51.5262578638028,51.5261733012485,51.5253714662683,51.5246647150743,51.5259140493701,51.5261733012485,51.5272583440554,51.5271434961555,51.5261812868189,51.5261733012485,51.5256165997668,51.5261733012485,51.5275716638835,51.5286119670525,51.5310506328565,51.5321585183421,51.5334892986605,51.5352013558712,51.5334892986605,51.5324660535856,51.5322047810882,51.5329417328342,51.5332666983872,51.5334892986605,51.5342281741747,51.5359279644645,51.5372567880972,51.5364036664598,51.5359279702193,51.5383666302685,51.5408052960726,51.5432439618766,51.5456826276806,51.5481212934846,51.5505599592886,51.5529986250926,51.5537044202894,51.5554372908966,51.5578759567006,51.5579726587128,51.5603146225047,51.560389792996,51.5626641614619,51.5627532883087,51.5651919541127,51.565690252436,51.5673725765422,51.5661957767797,51.5651919541127,51.5627532883087,51.5613445515747,51.5603146225047,51.5578759567006,51.5554372908966,51.5529986250926,51.5505599592886,51.5481212934846,51.5456826276806,51.5432439618766,51.5408052960726,51.5383666302685,51.5359279644645,51.5334892986605,51.5313557359676,51.5310506328565,51.5302267672096,51.5310506328565,51.5310637658789,51.531949221854,51.5310506328565,51.5305211269611,51.5286119670525,51.5283861147793,51.5261733012485,51.5237346354445,51.5217697163529,51.5212959696404,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5155279906657,51.5140162177423,51.5150214402454,51.5158093862117,51.5153694355784,51.5163773635733,51.5164186380324,51.5181731531654,51.5164186380324,51.5160352345122,51.5139799722284,51.5127360694556,51.5115413064244,51.511411803805,51.5115413064244,51.5125483601056,51.5139799722284,51.5160838130043,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.51947894113,51.5212959696404,51.5221055635483,51.5237346354445,51.5244340256435,51.5260097036027,51.5256082139577,51.5237346354445,51.5235825786817,51.5212959696404,51.5211705646984,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5139799722284,51.5120810157962,51.5115413064244,51.5091026406204,51.5084533867779,51.5072658488975,51.5067702724639,51.5068579627933,51.5076567288879,51.5091026406204,51.5096846246909,51.5115413064244,51.5130872311694,51.5139799722284,51.5151295899838,51.5154234515869,51.5151846681343,51.514201100633,51.5139799722284,51.5125865479425,51.5115413064244,51.5109158872165,51.5097156678064,51.5099415048824,51.5115413064244,51.5130419377841]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.187729643536459,-0.190996639318303,-0.192379234439583,-0.191856849466689,-0.189632116436876,-0.187729643536459,-0.182388156071618,-0.17809676116302,-0.177046668606778,-0.173502832765963,-0.172448583698878,-0.174520958369553,-0.177046668606778,-0.182388156071618,-0.187729643536459],"lat":[51.4904196828602,51.4920319799923,51.4944706457963,51.4969093116003,51.4993479774043,51.5004105394158,51.5005372684134,51.4993479774043,51.4989023077372,51.4969093116003,51.4944706457963,51.4920319799923,51.4908550578997,51.4900279153533,51.4904196828602]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.155680718747415,-0.157228438143855,-0.158888470134712,-0.155680718747415,-0.150339231282575,-0.145600621669344,-0.144997743817734,-0.139656256352894,-0.138588366160199,-0.136178636069102,-0.135464267957017,-0.135383228272851,-0.136281073474535,-0.139656256352894,-0.140564429073825,-0.143400054061915,-0.144997743817734,-0.147514518167777,-0.150339231282575,-0.152660676035846,-0.155680718747415],"lat":[51.5473178842077,51.5481212934846,51.5505599592886,51.5523688722638,51.5519574567398,51.5505599592886,51.5503286058623,51.5485849412234,51.5481212934846,51.5456826276806,51.5432439618766,51.5408052960726,51.5383666302685,51.5369560920988,51.5383666302685,51.5408052960726,51.5417188561321,51.5432439618766,51.5446479851248,51.5456826276806,51.5473178842077]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.134314768888053,-0.134574700589105,-0.13568434175442,-0.135674304185954,-0.134314768888053,-0.133436124424279,-0.128973281423213,-0.127303273064983,-0.123631793958372,-0.118290306493531,-0.114400538979834,-0.112948819028691,-0.111022888393164,-0.108863755083674,-0.10760733156385,-0.106976296738598,-0.105486348078825,-0.104667627345957,-0.105479447762998,-0.10760733156385,-0.11046983556857,-0.112948819028691,-0.118290306493531,-0.123631793958372,-0.125857734495371,-0.128973281423213,-0.12905086041554,-0.132167962470737,-0.134314768888053],"lat":[51.4624109509952,51.4627679903441,51.4652066561481,51.4676453219522,51.4692509583456,51.4700839877562,51.4722245202991,51.4725226535602,51.4731772123962,51.4737197151795,51.4725226535602,51.4720709406968,51.4700839877562,51.4676453219522,51.4659663955759,51.4652066561481,51.4627679903441,51.4603293245401,51.4578906587361,51.4565430126797,51.4554519929321,51.4546847312747,51.4535315318358,51.453096383303,51.4554519929321,51.4578193041041,51.4578906587361,51.4603293245401,51.4624109509952]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.118290306493531,-0.11837882528306,-0.119827803132185,-0.118290306493531,-0.117109857976443,-0.11812878262774,-0.118290306493531],"lat":[51.5602691532326,51.5603146225047,51.5627532883087,51.5640827236861,51.5627532883087,51.5603146225047,51.5602691532326]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0969243566341692,-0.0979149621255607,-0.0997898417301098,-0.101211713549361,-0.102192770834448,-0.101801267332127,-0.0977329683376347,-0.0969243566341692,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0884790918919909,-0.086241381704488,-0.0839202641753027,-0.0812287219671403,-0.0808998942396474,-0.079586223923253,-0.0791326095297815,-0.0793289022869361,-0.0802554430499887,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0830269140652789,-0.0858775447940105,-0.086241381704488,-0.0915828691693286,-0.0918137333830106,-0.0932708285149483,-0.0950719631138829,-0.0969243566341692],"lat":[51.493554622957,51.4944706457963,51.4969093116003,51.4993479774043,51.5017866432083,51.5042253090124,51.5066639748164,51.5068502027857,51.5074159614486,51.5066639748164,51.5056359900469,51.5042253090124,51.5017866432083,51.5012993921688,51.4993479774043,51.4969093116003,51.4944706457963,51.4920319799923,51.4912195756289,51.4895933141883,51.4871546483843,51.4866890745336,51.4866242155008,51.4871546483843,51.4895933141883,51.4920319799923,51.493554622957]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.193071131001299,-0.195094101235351,-0.196991633781612,-0.197081872922234,-0.194862851822642,-0.193071131001299,-0.187729643536459,-0.182388156071618,-0.177046668606778,-0.171705181141937,-0.168842986354062,-0.166363693677097,-0.161022206212256,-0.155680718747415,-0.153889122602497,-0.150339231282575,-0.14975097936162,-0.144997743817734,-0.144010463446429,-0.139837448310367,-0.139656256352894,-0.134314768888053,-0.128973281423213,-0.123631793958372,-0.118290306493531,-0.11543121897802,-0.112948819028691,-0.1091366426763,-0.110135372305273,-0.111419268962248,-0.112479867203227,-0.112948819028691,-0.113361767716602,-0.114359524668301,-0.116370839119722,-0.118290306493531,-0.12208064094524,-0.123631793958372,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053,-0.138765680023047,-0.139656256352894,-0.144726541967472,-0.144997743817734,-0.148413366088075,-0.150339231282575,-0.152463314590439,-0.155680718747415,-0.161022206212256,-0.166363693677097,-0.171705181141937,-0.171873291576257,-0.177046668606778,-0.178522972413157,-0.182388156071618,-0.187729643536459,-0.193071131001299],"lat":[51.512699206607,51.5139799722284,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5212959696404,51.5222053560207,51.5233355621093,51.5226957741799,51.5216993670606,51.5223647112497,51.5237346354445,51.5245775302283,51.5248941829219,51.5238748478701,51.5237346354445,51.5233489982589,51.5237346354445,51.5255665961767,51.5261733012485,51.5286119670525,51.5287556889965,51.5303134199976,51.5297688658081,51.5294370031061,51.529133100444,51.5286119670525,51.5277392287503,51.5261733012485,51.5237346354445,51.5212959696404,51.5188573038364,51.5178351164437,51.5164186380324,51.5139799722284,51.5115413064244,51.5104178006135,51.5091026406204,51.5086855365,51.5080051630479,51.5081601925026,51.5091026406204,51.5092950984427,51.5115413064244,51.5117207520707,51.5139799722284,51.5156960886123,51.5164186380324,51.5176398329665,51.5175586403687,51.5174017084654,51.5165250936127,51.5164186380324,51.514665156629,51.5139799722284,51.5127865915148,51.51182593766,51.512699206607]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.123631793958372,-0.124329840510775,-0.12706951192759,-0.125218717961054,-0.123631793958372,-0.118290306493531,-0.116859627711846,-0.112948819028691,-0.112738000963072,-0.112121080389925,-0.112948819028691,-0.118290306493531,-0.123631793958372],"lat":[51.4624050039442,51.4627679903441,51.4652066561481,51.4676453219522,51.4681280304397,51.4682127003133,51.4676453219522,51.4655006233164,51.4652066561481,51.4627679903441,51.4607766630454,51.4603799392394,51.4624050039442]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.086241381704488,-0.0888704162368523,-0.088993281946463,-0.086241381704488,-0.0861409522557687,-0.0826480588595422,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0795449465982273,-0.0791658635845294,-0.0806286489388385,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0814731095024773,-0.0817398379823192,-0.0813369679462072,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0792456439943589,-0.0755584067748069,-0.071623896747369,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0698433056708693,-0.0651575988453941,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0596996754765615,-0.0595339443802851,-0.054500649573572,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0532845460885826,-0.0524769706855014,-0.052083207988635,-0.0520620318458757,-0.0523470451656106,-0.0530891498269313,-0.0541924569154446,-0.0564802946354015,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0606373449271105,-0.0614478380745151,-0.0615521928562445,-0.0608823520168002,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0594279821045589,-0.0595339443802851,-0.0648754318451257,-0.0690448036269041,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0752881210301383,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0808089618135778,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0854588585110262,-0.086241381704488],"lat":[51.5269945788635,51.5286119670525,51.5310506328565,51.5333899986142,51.5334892986605,51.5359279644645,51.5376684455792,51.5383666302685,51.5408052960726,51.5432439618766,51.5437180000486,51.5456826276806,51.5481212934846,51.5505599592886,51.551361989604,51.5529986250926,51.5550916067956,51.5554372908966,51.5555838191255,51.5554372908966,51.5529986250926,51.5528025723002,51.5505599592886,51.5504549943357,51.5481212934846,51.5479159239139,51.5456826276806,51.5432439618766,51.5408052960726,51.5383666302685,51.5359279644645,51.5334892986605,51.5318228731178,51.5310506328565,51.5300715052352,51.5286119670525,51.5261733012485,51.5237346354445,51.5212959696404,51.5189667573603,51.5188573038364,51.5186157924177,51.517182704211,51.5188573038364,51.5190584114799,51.5212959696404,51.5213685591737,51.5237346354445,51.523779294778,51.5261733012485,51.5269945788635]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.187729643536459,-0.188326989234238,-0.192637772589711,-0.191843261318685,-0.187729643536459,-0.182388156071618,-0.179154690684087,-0.179308379420831,-0.182388156071618,-0.186835950620837,-0.187729643536459],"lat":[51.5138429116722,51.5139799722284,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5207229529473,51.5200514434959,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5149869522042,51.5139799722284,51.5138429116722]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.144997743817734,-0.145412286528079,-0.148166055385861,-0.149592135108608,-0.148913088264432,-0.144997743817734,-0.144924786914622,-0.140945983729952,-0.139656256352894,-0.134314768888053,-0.128973281423213,-0.123631793958372,-0.119788725393061,-0.118290306493531,-0.115609025025395,-0.114612024748302,-0.114645982627918,-0.115210053010687,-0.116460581919409,-0.118290306493531,-0.119443163058638,-0.123631793958372,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053,-0.139656256352894,-0.141726509541604,-0.144997743817734],"lat":[51.5137057781948,51.5139799722284,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5212959696404,51.5236691474044,51.5237346354445,51.5261733012485,51.5269235291965,51.5281836346185,51.5277911163424,51.5271391546811,51.5261733012485,51.5256284969149,51.5237346354445,51.5212959696404,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5139799722284,51.5122912004757,51.5115413064244,51.5099183819459,51.5092134988616,51.509389021582,51.5106241550862,51.5115413064244,51.5137057781948]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0808998942396474,-0.081687258638013,-0.083925115055041,-0.0834962231798153,-0.0808998942396474,-0.0797398489747088,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0709452428366015,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0673818980906471,-0.0665307165517746,-0.0666539505222367,-0.0677212080457607,-0.0702169193099663,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0767763048183354,-0.0808998942396474],"lat":[51.5257598399112,51.5261733012485,51.5286119670525,51.5310506328565,51.5331092913721,51.5334892986605,51.5347354378799,51.5334892986605,51.5332588135113,51.5310506328565,51.5286119670525,51.5261733012485,51.5237346354445,51.5221522016631,51.5231858097223,51.5237346354445,51.5257598399112]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.144997743817734,-0.145188327271908,-0.146285275987799,-0.144997743817734,-0.144964372900155,-0.142242829545038,-0.139656256352894,-0.135952769878282,-0.134314768888053,-0.129716220915463,-0.128973281423213,-0.123631793958372,-0.120060286155225,-0.118290306493531,-0.117323322770681,-0.116669379915652,-0.117058338304772,-0.118290306493531,-0.11857591783247,-0.122424413703661,-0.123631793958372,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053,-0.138462109423413,-0.139656256352894,-0.143000428492414,-0.144997743817734],"lat":[51.5162500597615,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5212100793861,51.5212959696404,51.5237346354445,51.5252583318786,51.5261733012485,51.5265832343728,51.5261733012485,51.526114545136,51.5251724656471,51.5237346354445,51.5224557897592,51.5212959696404,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5143757705306,51.5139799722284,51.5115413064244,51.5110734955771,51.5102097494838,51.5104255776625,51.5115413064244,51.5119724575082,51.5139799722284,51.5162500597615]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0755584067748069,-0.0770910856491981,-0.0794981098491973,-0.0772732280777084,-0.0755584067748069,-0.0738339043927786,-0.070441182443482,-0.0711940679749987,-0.0755584067748069],"lat":[51.5254093563728,51.5261733012485,51.5286119670525,51.5310506328565,51.5316561399288,51.5310506328565,51.5286119670525,51.5261733012485,51.5254093563728]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.139656256352894,-0.140683004637234,-0.143039649494255,-0.143697002885948,-0.1426165660667,-0.139656256352894,-0.139477283202021,-0.134314768888053,-0.128973281423213,-0.12488134640815,-0.123631793958372,-0.120174003750094,-0.118736347588868,-0.11896728611266,-0.120787541516516,-0.123631793958372,-0.127043462477835,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053,-0.134609066285299,-0.139656256352894],"lat":[51.5133636127204,51.5139799722284,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5212959696404,51.5236677361387,51.5237346354445,51.5251482823268,51.5246947165118,51.5237346354445,51.5233716969588,51.5212959696404,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5139799722284,51.512312696339,51.5115413064244,51.511206000106,51.5114621337431,51.5115413064244,51.5133636127204]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.139656256352894,-0.140947661733111,-0.14156690354146,-0.140268759233246,-0.139656256352894,-0.134445019216276,-0.134314768888053,-0.133919405107808,-0.128973281423213,-0.123631793958372,-0.123101953516863,-0.120978792369127,-0.120997493393329,-0.122999165200563,-0.123631793958372,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053,-0.137995158018794,-0.139656256352894],"lat":[51.5151366216427,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5212959696404,51.521786699987,51.5237346354445,51.5237703017805,51.5237346354445,51.5232711025128,51.5216140352872,51.5212959696404,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5139799722284,51.5136091307872,51.5122829053766,51.512585241438,51.5139799722284,51.5151366216427]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.134314768888053,-0.135012635538155,-0.138584000637922,-0.139336589854986,-0.136801847075948,-0.134314768888053,-0.128973281423213,-0.127281229072409,-0.123631793958372,-0.123221237149385,-0.123027700673997,-0.123631793958372,-0.126726865573697,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053],"lat":[51.5137155066869,51.5139799722284,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5212959696404,51.5222665434358,51.5218395835957,51.5212959696404,51.519302838937,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5157012605429,51.5139799722284,51.5134007278819,51.5137155066869]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.134314768888053,-0.135782108058247,-0.136233765939732,-0.134314768888053,-0.128973281423213,-0.126783928839146,-0.126315453806349,-0.128973281423213,-0.134314768888053],"lat":[51.5154284010684,51.5164186380324,51.5188573038364,51.5204050590079,51.520022371423,51.5188573038364,51.5164186380324,51.5149778302206,51.5154284010684]}]]],null,null,{"lineCap":null,"lineJoin":null,"clickable":true,"pointerEvents":null,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":["#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF8000","#FF8000","#FF8000","#FF9F00","#FF9F00","#FF9F00","#FFBF00","#FFBF00","#FFDF00","#FFFF00","#FFFF40","#FFFFBF"],"weight":5,"opacity":0.5,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF2000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF4000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF6000","#FF8000","#FF8000","#FF8000","#FF9F00","#FF9F00","#FF9F00","#FFBF00","#FFBF00","#FFDF00","#FFFF00","#FFFF40","#FFFFBF"],"fillOpacity":0.2,"dashArray":null,"smoothFactor":1,"noClip":false},null,null,null,null,null]}],"limits":{"lat":[51.4165138324591,51.579830116682],"lng":[-0.249750714763665,0.114492532194037]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
This KDE map shows a high concentration of burglaries in Fitzrovia and
into Soho, with Brixton, Paddington and Shoreditch also showing minor
hotspots.

Repeat the KDE map process for theft from the person
====================================================

    TFTP16 <- crime16 %>%
      filter(crime_type == 'theft-from-the-person')
    for(i in 1:length(TFTP16$latitude)){
      TFTP16$longitude[i] <- TFTP16$longitude[i]+runif(1,0.001,0.004)
      TFTP16$latitude[i] <- TFTP16$latitude[i]+runif(1,0.001,0.004)}
    latlong <- select(TFTP16, longitude, latitude)
    kde <- bkde2D(latlong,
                  bandwidth=c(.0055, .0048), gridsize = c(75,75))
    cl <- contourLines(kde$x1 , kde$x2 , kde$fhat)
    levs <- as.factor(sapply(cl, `[[`, "level"))
    nlevs <- length(levels(levs))
    pgons <- lapply(1:length(cl), function(i)
      Polygons(list(Polygon(cbind(cl[[i]]$x, cl[[i]]$y))), ID=i))
    spgons = SpatialPolygons(pgons)

    leaflet(spgons) %>% addTiles() %>%
      addPolygons(color = heat.colors(nlevs, NULL)[levs])

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-7015534b8cf3642917ea">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addTiles","args":["//{s}.tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png",null,null,{"minZoom":0,"maxZoom":18,"maxNativeZoom":null,"tileSize":256,"subdomains":"abc","errorTileUrl":"","tms":false,"continuousWorld":false,"noWrap":false,"zoomOffset":0,"zoomReverse":false,"opacity":1,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false,"attribution":"&copy; <a href=\"http://openstreetmap.org\">OpenStreetMap<\/a> contributors, <a href=\"http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/\">CC-BY-SA<\/a>"}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-0.203923231458451,-0.205127884953246,-0.207205113511596,-0.207951068374858,-0.207204105148946,-0.203923231458451,-0.198652509749915,-0.196153421059447,-0.193381788041378,-0.192470760392681,-0.189992505120078,-0.189830885718629,-0.191815286673725,-0.193381788041378,-0.198652509749915,-0.200702593509875,-0.203923231458451],"lat":[51.5131819307733,51.5139653983382,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5211855497621,51.523540563857,51.5225976490753,51.5211855497621,51.5192897089041,51.5187788326208,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5115586811969,51.5106303441565,51.5106651888299,51.5115586811969,51.5131819307733]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.17229890120723,-0.17433913206003,-0.173909850434437,-0.17229890120723,-0.170569234067222,-0.167028179498693,-0.164394879442539,-0.161757457790156,-0.156795704400635,-0.156486736081619,-0.151216014373082,-0.148065565667649,-0.145945292664546,-0.144003231725628,-0.14255473018543,-0.14352244692456,-0.145945292664546,-0.146559080002984,-0.149165388337975,-0.15057351837172,-0.150862075344216,-0.149537813667517,-0.145945292664546,-0.140674570956009,-0.135933719326202,-0.135403849247472,-0.132795238341335,-0.131127400109889,-0.130133127538935,-0.128356512794617,-0.124862405830398,-0.119591684121861,-0.116719241707714,-0.114320962413324,-0.112059245908333,-0.110332409799539,-0.110191270885742,-0.111519737899554,-0.114138130313124,-0.114320962413324,-0.11634273058647,-0.117538570062532,-0.117707784237666,-0.115941429784406,-0.114320962413324,-0.109184164583154,-0.109050240704787,-0.106438056764566,-0.10377951899625,-0.103221507939054,-0.0985087972877134,-0.0932380755791765,-0.0879673538706396,-0.0826966321621027,-0.0806247548050771,-0.0774259104535658,-0.0721551887450289,-0.0710739931033045,-0.0671501293534396,-0.066884467036492,-0.0650345301232049,-0.0641085338207256,-0.0639491329487176,-0.0641570536302088,-0.0641451526007835,-0.0631688702352145,-0.0616137453279551,-0.0599965428269678,-0.0563430236194182,-0.0562517298585621,-0.0553484138431459,-0.0546418566748678,-0.0540142181451613,-0.0536260704694437,-0.0539025429463455,-0.0551101936373296,-0.0563430236194182,-0.0571343838445733,-0.0605275522926766,-0.0616137453279551,-0.066884467036492,-0.0721551887450289,-0.0774259104535658,-0.077445622837097,-0.0826966321621027,-0.0857651664020132,-0.0879673538706396,-0.0932380755791765,-0.0985087972877134,-0.100250242570657,-0.10377951899625,-0.105854497112304,-0.106396655412182,-0.105332306055706,-0.10377951899625,-0.101430504299331,-0.0985087972877134,-0.096911233938008,-0.0932380755791765,-0.0879673538706396,-0.0826966321621027,-0.0778703242934451,-0.0774259104535658,-0.075644668160033,-0.0753940513052927,-0.0770449509954358,-0.0774259104535658,-0.0826966321621027,-0.0829756884623635,-0.0879673538706396,-0.0895304286199195,-0.0932380755791765,-0.0985087972877134,-0.102455562899473,-0.10377951899625,-0.109050240704787,-0.114320962413324,-0.119591684121861,-0.124862405830398,-0.130133127538935,-0.130851458969033,-0.135192113659247,-0.135403849247472,-0.140674570956009,-0.145945292664546,-0.146393871399544,-0.148684323223659,-0.149134808168552,-0.148794598855863,-0.14876251266159,-0.150852744098157,-0.151216014373082,-0.156486736081619,-0.159634654226458,-0.161757457790156,-0.165906314049512,-0.167028179498693,-0.171774222298635,-0.17229890120723],"lat":[51.5143310579721,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5201253534803,51.5211855497621,51.5225273324966,51.5235922669034,51.5243143858493,51.5259989840448,51.5260820348878,51.5273804322867,51.5284057011861,51.5292979844034,51.5308124183274,51.5332191354687,51.53562585261,51.5375313979973,51.5380325697513,51.5404392868926,51.5428460040339,51.5452527211753,51.5476594383166,51.5496974315545,51.5497842199114,51.5476594383166,51.5473084321493,51.5452527211753,51.5428460040339,51.5412276558484,51.5404392868926,51.5396340742941,51.5401573668217,51.5404392868926,51.5408650952689,51.5428460040339,51.5452527211753,51.5476594383166,51.5500661554579,51.5524728725992,51.5526034416988,51.5548795897405,51.5572863068818,51.5596930240231,51.5620997411644,51.562970217342,51.5620997411644,51.5620555452815,51.5596930240231,51.5575180218221,51.5572863068818,51.5563090892105,51.5563602881702,51.5570234720723,51.557086279112,51.5572863068818,51.5575983483643,51.5578129022731,51.5572863068818,51.5548795897405,51.5546120648952,51.5524728725992,51.5500661554579,51.5476594383166,51.5452527211753,51.5428460040339,51.5404392868926,51.5385089062858,51.5380325697513,51.5358071834713,51.53562585261,51.5332191354687,51.5308124183274,51.5284057011861,51.5259989840448,51.5235922669034,51.5211855497621,51.5197999481429,51.5187788326208,51.5163721154795,51.5158399015953,51.5143977340842,51.5143488883032,51.516360421806,51.5163721154795,51.5178975758492,51.5187788326208,51.5191959389262,51.5194500273858,51.5189751365104,51.5187788326208,51.5180454631944,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5115586811969,51.509726711644,51.5091519640556,51.5084993366406,51.5091519640556,51.5102521843011,51.5114653100921,51.5109474417709,51.5091519640556,51.5087455851241,51.5067452469143,51.5043385297729,51.5019318126316,51.5016820775193,51.4996199031615,51.4995250954903,51.4978306904558,51.497118378349,51.4952556623523,51.4950503901683,51.497118378349,51.4979317983327,51.4990573590926,51.4986910758512,51.498416742879,51.4982709689393,51.497522297973,51.497118378349,51.4947116612077,51.4946252032747,51.4932904181469,51.4944697833488,51.4947116612077,51.497118378349,51.4995250954903,51.5019318126316,51.5043385297729,51.5067452469143,51.5069237959661,51.5079246881933,51.5091519640556,51.5100462549429,51.5115586811969,51.5120334245536,51.5139653983382,51.5143310579721]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.135403849247472,-0.135598885926521,-0.135403849247472,-0.130254983918988,-0.130133127538935,-0.129508782776999,-0.124862405830398,-0.124693985538176,-0.12278926979689,-0.119591684121861,-0.118926439676632,-0.114320962413324,-0.109050240704787,-0.107153241384693,-0.104581661922304,-0.10377951899625,-0.10328774169344,-0.102896513443857,-0.103611235581897,-0.10377951899625,-0.105057056418318,-0.10824630867099,-0.109050240704787,-0.114320962413324,-0.117409624481536,-0.119591684121861,-0.121606689379783,-0.123994458694004,-0.124862405830398,-0.130133127538935,-0.135403849247472],"lat":[51.4653097519997,51.465831055512,51.4661427389484,51.4682377726533,51.4682635554606,51.4682377726533,51.4669614149383,51.4682377726533,51.4706444897946,51.4726914201606,51.4730512069359,51.47481959782,51.4742244724707,51.4730512069359,51.4706444897946,51.4690575824335,51.4682377726533,51.465831055512,51.4634243383706,51.4631910835878,51.4610176212293,51.458610904088,51.4581772957471,51.4574523295778,51.458610904088,51.4597702322014,51.4610176212293,51.4634243383706,51.4655091794024,51.4641608666119,51.4653097519997]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.156486736081619,-0.158391142957641,-0.158211799806639,-0.156486736081619,-0.155843593633807,-0.151216014373082,-0.150836195006592,-0.145945292664546,-0.144976566838187,-0.140674570956009,-0.140437731967333,-0.136507769058375,-0.135403849247472,-0.130133127538935,-0.129874573661365,-0.124862405830398,-0.119591684121861,-0.11618919558304,-0.114320962413324,-0.113261272755494,-0.110204679305113,-0.109050240704787,-0.107779406720033,-0.105598176958799,-0.10377951899625,-0.103018767490248,-0.0998172572780859,-0.0985087972877134,-0.0932380755791765,-0.0928718950338458,-0.0906447089600785,-0.0896475909932511,-0.0879673538706396,-0.0826966321621027,-0.0774259104535658,-0.0734230058794427,-0.0721551887450289,-0.0698787766556474,-0.0674974379009139,-0.066884467036492,-0.0657055803679718,-0.0647513449049759,-0.0645276409676047,-0.0650327545436292,-0.066884467036492,-0.0669077425295043,-0.0721551887450289,-0.0774259104535658,-0.0815254078813404,-0.0826966321621027,-0.0879673538706396,-0.0932380755791765,-0.0985087972877134,-0.10377951899625,-0.106338082156773,-0.109050240704787,-0.109513285410181,-0.110870397075529,-0.111376102566215,-0.111629270554978,-0.111754602454167,-0.111773360833793,-0.111756427532543,-0.112200020999572,-0.114320962413324,-0.114944224748962,-0.119591684121861,-0.124862405830398,-0.130133127538935,-0.135403849247472,-0.13791550488781,-0.140674570956009,-0.142065871354964,-0.145788357591669,-0.145945292664546,-0.151216014373082,-0.151495123102573,-0.156317842196851,-0.156486736081619],"lat":[51.5141710163868,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5205139349085,51.5211855497621,51.5233967205244,51.5235922669034,51.525497888933,51.5259989840448,51.5282941606308,51.5284057011861,51.5308124183274,51.5317026776288,51.533186583482,51.5332191354687,51.5339354226768,51.5339747241232,51.5332191354687,51.5321970144927,51.5332191354687,51.53562585261,51.5363991175509,51.5380325697513,51.5404392868926,51.542394077507,51.5428460040339,51.5452527211753,51.5461860370248,51.5454369803959,51.5452527211753,51.5428460040339,51.5404392868926,51.538178717015,51.5389813190282,51.5400458194195,51.5380325697513,51.5375873056364,51.53562585261,51.5332191354687,51.5322794400646,51.5308124183274,51.5284057011861,51.5259989840448,51.5235922669034,51.5212024108677,51.5211855497621,51.5196126919431,51.5201877534498,51.5211855497621,51.5214324728371,51.5227721821511,51.5234526889618,51.5232270764073,51.5234240633068,51.5235922669034,51.5240562942422,51.5235922669034,51.5211855497621,51.5187788326208,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5115586811969,51.5091519640556,51.5067452469143,51.5047147212186,51.5043385297729,51.503056097137,51.5026491912373,51.5029206762062,51.5033617293341,51.5043385297729,51.505478950297,51.5067452469143,51.5091519640556,51.5092434819484,51.5114591791217,51.5115586811969,51.5139653983382,51.5141710163868]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.114320962413324,-0.116588204529298,-0.117466670150004,-0.11648309088819,-0.114320962413324,-0.109050240704787,-0.108563388583932,-0.107791865170147,-0.108561686969926,-0.109050240704787,-0.114320962413324],"lat":[51.4616362895163,51.4634243383706,51.465831055512,51.4682377726533,51.4698897187593,51.4687778951983,51.4682377726533,51.465831055512,51.4634243383706,51.4629048977045,51.4616362895163]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.151216014373082,-0.152277171328622,-0.151999290343645,-0.151216014373082,-0.149451417034326,-0.145945292664546,-0.144866919905641,-0.140674570956009,-0.139952873769573,-0.135403849247472,-0.133914396733898,-0.130133127538935,-0.124862405830398,-0.123144802201467,-0.119689336692398,-0.119591684121861,-0.117184554837786,-0.115759731488145,-0.11508996378978,-0.114865793463614,-0.114927887887975,-0.11527098415483,-0.116152231082074,-0.118729950232581,-0.119591684121861,-0.124862405830398,-0.130133127538935,-0.135403849247472,-0.136100176063672,-0.140674570956009,-0.141281242750046,-0.145551526505262,-0.145945292664546,-0.150013016308783,-0.151216014373082],"lat":[51.5153656933836,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5194308352384,51.5211855497621,51.5229291872486,51.5235922669034,51.5256984458436,51.5259989840448,51.5281298234885,51.5284057011861,51.5294020568534,51.5291565025466,51.5284057011861,51.5259989840448,51.5259220093919,51.5235922669034,51.5211855497621,51.5187788326208,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5115586811969,51.5091519640556,51.5067452469143,51.5063028110948,51.5050448718549,51.5052440163333,51.5064403057746,51.5067452469143,51.508799905978,51.5091519640556,51.5115586811969,51.5118473082439,51.5139653983382,51.5153656933836]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0985087972877134,-0.100469923995444,-0.10266895724419,-0.0985087972877134,-0.0977798652076171,-0.0971275690115192,-0.0985087972877134],"lat":[51.5299879242416,51.5308124183274,51.5332191354687,51.5349880680031,51.5332191354687,51.5308124183274,51.5299879242416]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0879673538706396,-0.0916545610406965,-0.0907911169791261,-0.0879673538706396,-0.0852438738501726,-0.0826966321621027,-0.0774259104535658,-0.0733044543396864,-0.0721551887450289,-0.0704250662978436,-0.0694086129028326,-0.0695786387900611,-0.0715592407726339,-0.0721551887450289,-0.0774259104535658,-0.0811092702257738,-0.0826966321621027,-0.087548474872589,-0.0879673538706396],"lat":[51.5264476237656,51.5284057011861,51.5308124183274,51.5316585582562,51.5332191354687,51.5341095883497,51.5348126884399,51.5332191354687,51.5326170030145,51.5308124183274,51.5284057011861,51.5259989840448,51.5235922669034,51.5232552887492,51.5227955671457,51.5235922669034,51.5239966531414,51.5259989840448,51.5264476237656]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.145945292664546,-0.147946194297072,-0.1476919853444,-0.145945292664546,-0.14506431826718,-0.140926364112536,-0.140674570956009,-0.135403849247472,-0.134882299884178,-0.130133127538935,-0.125824460559849,-0.124862405830398,-0.121274955481066,-0.119591684121861,-0.118832522155441,-0.117375630897616,-0.116825231897825,-0.116894560787462,-0.117614608652025,-0.119520423219854,-0.119591684121861,-0.124862405830398,-0.130133127538935,-0.135403849247472,-0.137755563344803,-0.140674570956009,-0.142246632123936,-0.145603868509641,-0.145945292664546],"lat":[51.5144501163647,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5202342316111,51.5211855497621,51.5235922669034,51.5237187643515,51.5259280672138,51.5259989840448,51.5268752025235,51.5259989840448,51.5258086318087,51.5235922669034,51.5220048064691,51.5211855497621,51.5187788326208,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5115586811969,51.5091519640556,51.5090938391238,51.5068532693964,51.5068922181808,51.5080883497234,51.5091519640556,51.5107050224128,51.5115586811969,51.5139653983382,51.5144501163647]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0826966321621027,-0.0830995029236053,-0.0826966321621027,-0.0801291125132819,-0.0774259104535658,-0.0763199450507329,-0.0743319254280646,-0.0761757708632008,-0.0774259104535658,-0.0790158263161903,-0.0826966321621027],"lat":[51.5280064191376,51.5284057011861,51.5290998670595,51.5308124183274,51.5313762302743,51.5308124183274,51.5284057011861,51.5259989840448,51.5256034801784,51.5259989840448,51.5280064191376]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.140674570956009,-0.142886479050328,-0.144670437120322,-0.144412697578977,-0.141922269565925,-0.140674570956009,-0.137034948161727,-0.135403849247472,-0.130133127538935,-0.124862405830398,-0.124791124659505,-0.121403105415685,-0.119647948774536,-0.119591684121861,-0.118784670332036,-0.118861233686948,-0.119591684121861,-0.119922985678961,-0.122823540732362,-0.124862405830398,-0.130133127538935,-0.134080879449181,-0.135403849247472,-0.139392194051471,-0.140674570956009],"lat":[51.5125015880372,51.5139653983382,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5211855497621,51.5219023972372,51.5235922669034,51.524282575018,51.5250239462873,51.5236363051674,51.5235922669034,51.5211855497621,51.5187788326208,51.5186131126462,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5122718392348,51.5115586811969,51.5091519640556,51.508274394248,51.508079357007,51.5091519640556,51.5095288595212,51.5115586811969,51.5125015880372]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.140674570956009,-0.1421298567015,-0.1417288782,-0.140674570956009,-0.138794972216337,-0.135403849247472,-0.130133127538935,-0.124862405830398,-0.123808901317204,-0.121495313974108,-0.120550722830192,-0.120655856477858,-0.122041246504187,-0.124862405830398,-0.130133127538935,-0.135403849247472,-0.136946419008738,-0.140276492893025,-0.140674570956009],"lat":[51.514555370893,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5197283271632,51.5211855497621,51.5227548124787,51.523448868661,51.5219289790789,51.5211855497621,51.5187788326208,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5115586811969,51.5096889301864,51.5092566203955,51.5107736082678,51.5115586811969,51.5139653983382,51.514555370893]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.135403849247472,-0.138136486935834,-0.1397376074324,-0.139138351560299,-0.135677390727113,-0.135403849247472,-0.130133127538935,-0.127204077114537,-0.124862405830398,-0.123342679173681,-0.122181352055412,-0.122348819510725,-0.124159507329412,-0.124862405830398,-0.130133127538935,-0.134098778237132,-0.135403849247472],"lat":[51.5120985728466,51.5139653983382,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5211855497621,51.5213121327405,51.5221199220554,51.5211855497621,51.5202086107828,51.5187788326208,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5115586811969,51.511092828322,51.5103413988478,51.5115586811969,51.5120985728466]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.135403849247472,-0.135996480978644,-0.137544257331522,-0.13660818606104,-0.135403849247472,-0.130133127538935,-0.125467884081526,-0.124862405830398,-0.123811981280633,-0.124041782543591,-0.124862405830398,-0.129318508441767,-0.130133127538935,-0.130564797456041,-0.135403849247472],"lat":[51.5135605367542,51.5139653983382,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5196040274128,51.5207559729923,51.5187788326208,51.518259267984,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5129535147512,51.5115586811969,51.5114261773001,51.5115586811969,51.5135605367542]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.130133127538935,-0.132850337068907,-0.135301019411202,-0.132302450637722,-0.130133127538935,-0.128881827509805,-0.126057779976683,-0.126976417279869,-0.130133127538935],"lat":[51.5128412479434,51.5139653983382,51.5163721154795,51.5187788326208,51.5193091363074,51.5187788326208,51.5163721154795,51.5139653983382,51.5128412479434]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.130133127538935,-0.131040852434766,-0.130133127538935,-0.129417304814146,-0.130133127538935],"lat":[51.5152162340679,51.5163721154795,51.516977877376,51.5163721154795,51.5152162340679]}]]],null,null,{"lineCap":null,"lineJoin":null,"clickable":true,"pointerEvents":null,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":["#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF2400","#FF2400","#FF4900","#FF4900","#FF4900","#FF6D00","#FF6D00","#FF9200","#FFB600","#FFDB00","#FFFF00","#FFFF40","#FFFFBF"],"weight":5,"opacity":0.5,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF2400","#FF2400","#FF4900","#FF4900","#FF4900","#FF6D00","#FF6D00","#FF9200","#FFB600","#FFDB00","#FFFF00","#FFFF40","#FFFFBF"],"fillOpacity":0.2,"dashArray":null,"smoothFactor":1,"noClip":false},null,null,null,null,null]}],"limits":{"lat":[51.4574523295778,51.562970217342],"lng":[-0.207951068374858,-0.0536260704694437]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
The KDE map shows a very concentrated hotspot around Soho and Covent
Garden, and a smaller one over Shoreditch. These three areas contain the
high density of nightclubs and bars in London.

Returning to general analyis, it would be useful to normalise crime
occurences by the resident population in each borough. Population
figures are taken from the 2013 census data and loaded from csv.

    employment <- read_csv("employment_london.csv")

    ## Parsed with column specification:
    ## cols(
    ##   Borough = col_character(),
    ##   `Working age pop` = col_number(),
    ##   `EP number` = col_number(),
    ##   `SE number` = col_number(),
    ##   `Area (sq mi)` = col_double(),
    ##   Population = col_integer(),
    ##   `Median Salary 14-15` = col_number(),
    ##   `Less LLW 15` = col_integer()
    ## )

    ## Warning: 26 parsing failures.
    ## row col  expected     actual                    file
    ##  13  -- 8 columns 10 columns 'employment_london.csv'
    ##  14  -- 8 columns 10 columns 'employment_london.csv'
    ##  15  -- 8 columns 10 columns 'employment_london.csv'
    ##  16  -- 8 columns 10 columns 'employment_london.csv'
    ##  17  -- 8 columns 10 columns 'employment_london.csv'
    ## ... ... ......... .......... .......................
    ## See problems(...) for more details.

    employment <- employment %>% 
      as.data.frame() %>%
      na.omit()

Frequency of crimes by borough can now be determined and normalised by
the population (per 100 people). This is carried out by adding the
`Population` variable from the `employment` dataframe as a new variable
to the `borough.rate` dataframe, then using `mutate()` to create a
normalisation variable (`norm`) by dividing count by population and
multiplying by 100.

    borough.rate <- crime16 %>%
      group_by(borough) %>%
      summarize(Count=n())

    borough.rate$pop <- employment$Population
    borough.rate <- borough.rate %>%
      mutate(norm = Count/pop*100) %>%
      arrange(desc(norm))

Overall, the borough with fewest crimes per 100 people in 2016 was
Wandsworth with 9.66. Westminster had the highest crime rate with 28.7
crimes per 100 people. This is likely to be highly skewed due to both
the number of tourists and workers who are not accounted for in this
normalisation. For specific crime occurences, let's first look without
the normalisation using a bar plot.

    crime.rate.by.borough <- crime16 %>%
      group_by(borough, crime_type) %>%
      summarize(Count=n())

    ggplot(crime.rate.by.borough) +
      geom_bar(stat="identity",aes(x = borough, y = Count,fill = crime_type)) +
      theme(panel.grid = element_blank(), axis.text.x=element_text(angle=60, hjust=1), plot.title = element_text(lineheight=.8, face="bold")) +
      ggtitle("Crime by Borough") +
      ylab("Crime occurences") +
      xlab("Borough") 

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-24-1.png)
There is significant variation between crime in the boroughs with
Westminster having the most recorded crimes particularly for other-theft
and theft-from-the-person, and Kensingston and Chelsea the least.

The normalisation process will be repeated to the crime categories.
Colours are specified for the boroughs to make identification easier.

    boroughpop <- select(borough.rate, borough, pop)
    crime.borough.norm <- left_join(crime.rate.by.borough, boroughpop) %>%
      mutate(norm = Count/pop*100) %>% arrange(desc(norm))

    ## Joining, by = "borough"

    borough.col <- c("Camden" = "red3", "Greenwich" = "orange", "Hackney" = "yellow", "Hammersmith and Fulham" = "limegreen", "Islington" = "green", "Kensington and Chelsea" = "royalblue", "Lambeth" = "lightblue", "Lewisham" = "aquamarine", "Southwark" = "lightpink", "Tower Hamlets" = "violet", "Wandsworth" = "deeppink", "Westminster" = "darkgrey")

    ggplot(crime.borough.norm) +
      geom_bar(stat="identity",aes(x = borough, y = norm, fill = crime_type)) +
      theme(panel.grid = element_blank(), axis.text.x=element_text(angle=60, hjust=1), plot.title = element_text(lineheight=.8, face="bold")) +
      ggtitle("Normalised Crime Breakdown") +
      ylab("Crime occurence per 100 people") +
      xlab("Borough") 

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-25-1.png)

    ggplot(crime.borough.norm, aes(x = crime_type, y = norm)) +
      geom_point(aes(col = borough)) +
      geom_line(aes(col = borough, group = borough)) +
      xlab("Crime type") +
      ylab("Crime occurence per 100 people") +
      ggtitle("Normalised Crime Breakdown") +
      scale_colour_manual(values = borough.col) +
      theme(panel.grid = element_blank(), axis.line = element_line(colour = "black"), axis.text.x=element_text(angle=60, hjust=1))

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-25-2.png)

Relative to its population, Wesminster has even more crimes per 100
residents.This does take the large number of tourists and workers. This
is three times the number of crimes recorded in Wandsworth per 100
residents, which has consistently low records all crimes. The line plot
shows Westminster is considerably elevated above the main trend for
other-theft, shoplifting, theft-from-the-person and violent-crime.
Interestingly, this plot also shows that Kensington and Chelsea has the
largest number of drug offences once normalised.

The analysis of this dataset has so far focussed on the full dataset, a
quick analysis of the `monthlycrime16` dataset will be carried out.

    ggplot(monthlycrime16, aes(x = month, y = Count)) +
      geom_point(aes(col = crime_abb)) +
      geom_line(aes(col = crime_abb)) +
      xlab("Month") +
      theme(panel.grid = element_blank(), axis.line = element_line(colour = "black")) +
      scale_colour_manual(values = crime.col) +
       ggtitle("Monthly Variation in Crime Type (2016)")

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-26-1.png)

The anti-social behaviour peak in summer is very clear still across the
inner borough dataset, as is a peak in violent crime and vehicle crime
from May through to August. A tiled heatmap also allows these seasonal
trends to be easily identified.

    ggplot(monthlycrime16,aes(x=crime_abb,y=month,fill=Count))+
      geom_tile(aes(fill=Count))

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-27-1.png)

Another option for interactively displaying crime density is to use
chloropleth mapping. The borough polygons needs to be loaded and then
subset to include the 12 inner boroughs of interest.

    boroughs <- readOGR(dsn = "statistical-gis-boundaries-london/ESRI", "London_Borough_Excluding_MHW", verbose = FALSE)
    central <- boroughs %>% 
      subset(NAME %in% c('Camden','Greenwich','Hackney', 'Hammersmith and Fulham','Islington', 'Kensington and Chelsea','Lambeth','Lewisham', 'Southwark','Tower Hamlets','Wandsworth','Westminster'))

The `crime16` data is then converted to a SpatialPointsDataFrame with
latitude - longitude projection and then the borough boundaries are
transformed to geographic coordinates.

    coords <- SpatialPoints(crime16[,c("longitude","latitude")])
    crime16 <- SpatialPointsDataFrame(coords, crime16)
    proj4string(crime16) <- CRS("+init=epsg:4326")
    central <- spTransform(central, CRS("+init=epsg:4326"))
    central@proj4string

    ## CRS arguments:
    ##  +init=epsg:4326 +proj=longlat +datum=WGS84 +no_defs +ellps=WGS84
    ## +towgs84=0,0,0

Bicycle theft will be looked at first by subsetting those offences and
counting the number of points within boroughs using `over()`, then the
occurences of bicycle theft are added to the central SpatialPolygons
dataframe using `unlist()`.

    bicycle_theft <- crime16[crime16$crime_type == "bicycle-theft",]
    proj4string(crime16) <- proj4string(central)
    proj4string(bicycle_theft) <- proj4string(central)
    pointsinpolygon <- over(SpatialPolygons(central@polygons), SpatialPoints(bicycle_theft), returnList = TRUE)
    central$bicycle_theft <- unlist(lapply(pointsinpolygon, length))

The thematic ranges are calulcated using natural breaks with
`classIntervals()` and the central shapefile is fortified for plotting
using ggplot2.

    classes <- classIntervals(central$bicycle_theft, n=5, style="jenks")
    central_f <- fortify(central, region="NAME")
    central_f <- left_join(central_f, central@data, by = c("id" = "NAME"))

    ## Warning in left_join_impl(x, y, by$x, by$y, suffix$x, suffix$y): joining
    ## factor and character vector, coercing into character vector

A chloropleth map can then be plotted for bicycle thefts in 2016 \[2\].

    ggplot() +
      geom_polygon(data = central_f, aes(x = long, y = lat, group = group, fill = bicycle_theft), color = "white", size = 0.2) +
      coord_map() +
      scale_fill_gradientn('Frequency\n', colours = brewer.pal(5,"YlOrRd"), breaks = classes$brks) +
      labs(title = "Reported bicycle thefts by London borough (2016)")

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-32-1.png)

This would be better if it was interactive. First, the text for a pop-up
box needs to be set using html, then the colour table using
`findColours()` and the labels for the legend.

    central_popup <- paste0("<strong>Borough: </strong>",
                             central$NAME,
                             "<br><strong>Offences (2016): </strong>",
                             central$bicycle_theft)
    colcode2 <- findColours(classes, c("darkgrey", "yellow", "orange", "red", "sienna"))
    breaks <- round(classes$brks, 1)
    labels = matrix(1:(length(breaks)-1))
    for(j in 1:length(labels)){labels [j] =
      paste(as.character(breaks[j]),"-",as.character(breaks[j+1]))}

An interactive chloropleth plot can then be made using OpenStreetMap
raster layer in Leaflet. When you roll over the borough it provides the
number of records of that offence in a pop up box.

    leaflet(data = central) %>% 
      addProviderTiles("OpenStreetMap.BlackAndWhite") %>%
      addPolygons(data = central, 
                  fillColor = colcode2, 
                  fillOpacity = 0.6, 
                  color = "#636363", 
                  weight = 2, 
                  popup = central_popup)  %>%
      addLegend(position = "bottomright",
                colors = c("darkgrey", "yellow", "orange", "red", "sienna"),
                labels = labels,
                opacity = 0.8,
                title = "Number of bike thefts")

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-f0f55730806a3877bf47">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["OpenStreetMap.BlackAndWhite",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-0.128455634947445,-0.128432163388321,-0.128301372654514,-0.128156854308154,-0.12797731179261,-0.127363536973151,-0.12717576338257,-0.126934071360691,-0.126744745580826,-0.126378532706936,-0.125871477636893,-0.125657235544201,-0.125550171273484,-0.1255336372682,-0.125398741957919,-0.125195165768775,-0.125023439786387,-0.124902202125567,-0.124733387560771,-0.124701055725083,-0.124650416489954,-0.124275047094054,-0.124206397783297,-0.124201673693253,-0.124366588080307,-0.124125652094317,-0.12407888998423,-0.124002970980199,-0.123788612190135,-0.123768238482684,-0.123601001161347,-0.123477316281386,-0.123022320593474,-0.122692369352852,-0.122399063697235,-0.122132880100655,-0.121930919718916,-0.121757819790942,-0.121347662750312,-0.121319161122614,-0.121195663971159,-0.121007212872539,-0.120881533371428,-0.120632506801388,-0.120411409539012,-0.120000911599154,-0.119803367688059,-0.119897066540083,-0.119753324891885,-0.119703738975734,-0.119375794170394,-0.119335503196735,-0.119303666830593,-0.119231797813058,-0.119153394301821,-0.119051210234673,-0.118936139309758,-0.118820589630902,-0.118350300596186,-0.118188813670015,-0.11782141713826,-0.117512810994673,-0.117440665261988,-0.117418397908751,-0.116992879752831,-0.117013290058702,-0.116837662754509,-0.116087888653272,-0.115902034512927,-0.115692767931238,-0.115408134799704,-0.114946068097897,-0.114488319095693,-0.113948111681145,-0.113620863574718,-0.113102408981944,-0.112677826373962,-0.111457495390538,-0.111307576802072,-0.11121353396892,-0.111104913908871,-0.110813654614294,-0.110303630729712,-0.110293232526115,-0.109901443323428,-0.109799074858124,-0.10952071732036,-0.109141913845772,-0.108924883868241,-0.108921568267822,-0.10886237549233,-0.108799719202591,-0.108593107544482,-0.108506405348497,-0.108424487434246,-0.108406410812298,-0.108290974950897,-0.108245002506987,-0.108175580065139,-0.107363630164876,-0.106596874979164,-0.106592704003045,-0.106465728355404,-0.106434584829859,-0.106434673905379,-0.106467163087679,-0.106545656312531,-0.106566499178206,-0.106599583456355,-0.106519907059012,-0.106518467116097,-0.106395616843142,-0.10745801285948,-0.106751587115696,-0.10613685599522,-0.106080850925115,-0.106050665746304,-0.106065016598483,-0.106086926292777,-0.106115551072437,-0.105947706082938,-0.105986633675907,-0.106527342844517,-0.106704050046637,-0.106825807325895,-0.107846543368885,-0.108188874403924,-0.10822802224583,-0.108353632044803,-0.109121121078204,-0.109470475554524,-0.10952016608596,-0.109516292974489,-0.11029541411803,-0.110303913665922,-0.110295109091069,-0.111442589512862,-0.110972915771445,-0.110957394970709,-0.11081359340432,-0.11066442329476,-0.110584358238957,-0.1105073955807,-0.109399474041069,-0.107159019799374,-0.105742098371294,-0.105337813426614,-0.104896248847506,-0.104886954160455,-0.104793933162109,-0.104699091394382,-0.104519085271602,-0.104400601497136,-0.10425736181815,-0.104105127695954,-0.103943131118745,-0.103883362891612,-0.103731670897859,-0.10371218810034,-0.103582932172555,-0.103405723630887,-0.103527460263388,-0.10315625592931,-0.103395991081152,-0.103159816116721,-0.103258608574527,-0.103260234612508,-0.10339300874218,-0.103803304252124,-0.10418850124072,-0.104711053563001,-0.105519911267549,-0.108121530597101,-0.108452541587564,-0.108281139575671,-0.108136714556622,-0.107991843755115,-0.107844529680475,-0.106357649718072,-0.106550188188595,-0.106615938990546,-0.106926337015,-0.107222609284364,-0.106823372783598,-0.106328661096587,-0.105663970716248,-0.105635780758837,-0.105904955448762,-0.106043785424585,-0.105634091348254,-0.105421903314004,-0.105326802752964,-0.105280783570095,-0.10515564216261,-0.104898594072733,-0.104623756311086,-0.104640486552907,-0.104621119600515,-0.104046927654568,-0.104086010341361,-0.105006647314523,-0.105557089603563,-0.108085430623045,-0.108178395566074,-0.108214970868019,-0.108237786209294,-0.108245960180632,-0.108219433323344,-0.108068152901533,-0.107854291844197,-0.107203048506367,-0.10555431759098,-0.10362194567469,-0.101511453065508,-0.099997740976233,-0.100111647754198,-0.100169880524097,-0.100337881317932,-0.100591397569127,-0.100682692442977,-0.100654260990389,-0.100619683547777,-0.100573444801043,-0.100368029436796,-0.0997752893702828,-0.0995429098908314,-0.0993751360650362,-0.0992474334474209,-0.0991772221429038,-0.0989171233913251,-0.0971357628188549,-0.0959975000282025,-0.0950698926553567,-0.0947971482659646,-0.0944529229086342,-0.0943231924644651,-0.0942006935322806,-0.0941056830613472,-0.094065184945073,-0.0939992673298241,-0.0937270775084951,-0.0936632491155117,-0.0936237391186136,-0.0934869520590795,-0.0930802884450569,-0.0930310949395317,-0.0930244998512468,-0.0929465616748272,-0.0929288684510765,-0.0928490504994044,-0.0927819718339203,-0.0927401629361927,-0.0927176510412408,-0.0922653723477624,-0.0911462831738996,-0.090136374203225,-0.0900946118561343,-0.0900797108957687,-0.0900711653544129,-0.0900718902215393,-0.0901060546855581,-0.0906671562090707,-0.0909398247524394,-0.0911241995488632,-0.091539165570828,-0.0922118378358392,-0.0923277579504083,-0.0925519020649065,-0.0927585114361575,-0.0928400309874869,-0.0929383112076425,-0.0930942160572327,-0.093650403610643,-0.0941425734491183,-0.0945719628974304,-0.0947296329092198,-0.0948668631366539,-0.0950254124268761,-0.0951226615459069,-0.0951486128456053,-0.0952081568287627,-0.0955036731893316,-0.0956649090738962,-0.0958371617594443,-0.0962014601447046,-0.0965759929453036,-0.0972070722877583,-0.0976021978497242,-0.097848936725316,-0.0985913504025859,-0.0991175250084095,-0.10004487902922,-0.100627648453566,-0.10093841598063,-0.101005807066658,-0.101118639871499,-0.101162717913169,-0.101034847931043,-0.101038816918812,-0.101060647912818,-0.101106088960169,-0.101335188613494,-0.10138748479303,-0.101468839693784,-0.101478955014478,-0.101474537969342,-0.1014571760995,-0.101425356614144,-0.101380517914753,-0.101340314102183,-0.101322660081619,-0.101132041690351,-0.100957917362107,-0.100877831540179,-0.100830922413783,-0.100802263621038,-0.10078923954874,-0.100792576239457,-0.100766310965807,-0.100760984341784,-0.100322240532102,-0.100205144650602,-0.1001476142623,-0.100068808441065,-0.0999931776377308,-0.0999236730201163,-0.0998587817389451,-0.099808683540341,-0.09972346696146,-0.09964555393108,-0.0995648937906818,-0.099427350284342,-0.0994170155869637,-0.0994035088333959,-0.0993447224436567,-0.0993041508536991,-0.0992533625468289,-0.0988920973634439,-0.098451457449247,-0.097958563115656,-0.097429907456029,-0.0961080468773939,-0.0959035206901986,-0.0956977828041644,-0.095251652472972,-0.0951405711764687,-0.0950965917468412,-0.09504008451223,-0.0950250543923147,-0.0950131827949268,-0.095017096373745,-0.0950433085822126,-0.0950375597891429,-0.0950162370568107,-0.0949531018357642,-0.0945074150140546,-0.0941057388709957,-0.0940045637343108,-0.0937990397597614,-0.0936341132154877,-0.0933570520452688,-0.093206695995834,-0.0930026842035505,-0.0928745131757003,-0.0927679966850386,-0.0925404975299914,-0.0922584223039,-0.0920401011941158,-0.0919894908791749,-0.0918980808233454,-0.0918379222241825,-0.0917263598700368,-0.0914889791340815,-0.0911946296091531,-0.0909813439119362,-0.0906654019874723,-0.0905778370374286,-0.0904647872654138,-0.0902254332143741,-0.0900233120684781,-0.0895930476435753,-0.0893087716693844,-0.0888910059982563,-0.0884971370860261,-0.0883196140646263,-0.0882261339818956,-0.0881149531044068,-0.0878738409981819,-0.0876807568947271,-0.0872577249751485,-0.0866133848147125,-0.0861213555364493,-0.0860455025418357,-0.0859971510839545,-0.0859168623493054,-0.0858904875510219,-0.0858687259179832,-0.0858563408143665,-0.0858874372061276,-0.0859453211509348,-0.0860665215240595,-0.0860986896810659,-0.0861005672503296,-0.0860923820133391,-0.0860740588964802,-0.0860401106320127,-0.085991599286027,-0.0859043120813636,-0.0857947484327235,-0.0854381514165939,-0.0852617560662454,-0.0852507817952168,-0.0851727123874748,-0.084955258032014,-0.0846522792419742,-0.0843723902865001,-0.0840788454897497,-0.0838627587636848,-0.0836831665506885,-0.0836317237734448,-0.0836183955943412,-0.0835855386706141,-0.0835369659417258,-0.0835111353768931,-0.0834953204861383,-0.0834766833972043,-0.0834389353396013,-0.0828437769747725,-0.0820318096750869,-0.0817794448168125,-0.0817265621244566,-0.0816945482574275,-0.0811585421920842,-0.0808969591287436,-0.0808519118866049,-0.0803434169897717,-0.0800773684175798,-0.07985629752438,-0.0798288686933545,-0.0796298318661041,-0.0795159189868912,-0.0794651482853821,-0.0789308926627323,-0.0791498725630449,-0.0792617243026313,-0.0792690880220753,-0.0792555060306174,-0.0792228942259612,-0.0791975500004482,-0.0791609333273337,-0.0783067237968765,-0.0783251777099196,-0.0783359550463311,-0.0784042423494057,-0.078445069759069,-0.0784952693731978,-0.0785298723391818,-0.0785598618731803,-0.0785894967354631,-0.0785486445997827,-0.0786747059325303,-0.0791036085662879,-0.0793248690412652,-0.079714667797454,-0.0800921016149498,-0.0802920342861109,-0.0805951500253867,-0.0817429064416849,-0.0823460019433232,-0.0828770290740143,-0.0828871652757861,-0.08333403082541,-0.0838952582914956,-0.0850113927836352,-0.0855390023342146,-0.0858634776856259,-0.0860791812806259,-0.0861853518142108,-0.0864256877898429,-0.0866194683313222,-0.0868266838852326,-0.0869707722655463,-0.0877645474663679,-0.0880109231579662,-0.0881903844331427,-0.0884521347707611,-0.0890476957522391,-0.089367409966179,-0.0895841620288754,-0.0897204354039209,-0.0898148257028126,-0.0899094784705271,-0.0900440021702079,-0.0901972864901477,-0.0908428636510858,-0.0911014421539691,-0.0913948325904475,-0.0917688965447009,-0.0921406961310636,-0.0923077918887945,-0.0927344339409969,-0.0930086314427238,-0.0932064454061299,-0.0934344075584487,-0.0936442451236628,-0.0939189525833113,-0.094101089929529,-0.0943467342977041,-0.0945914646606739,-0.0948395182438721,-0.096186056839888,-0.0969061337633325,-0.0972356501212261,-0.0975128602203416,-0.0978099322460667,-0.0981081429681758,-0.0983887691919363,-0.0988127984673237,-0.100144453835513,-0.100773263613555,-0.104228232419493,-0.10461684949332,-0.105115860798123,-0.105797569041782,-0.105987342138693,-0.106054936793053,-0.106185553873346,-0.106515114513129,-0.107020796152175,-0.107887061591383,-0.108688241856067,-0.109212025319865,-0.109373711327656,-0.109603363937253,-0.109850051863475,-0.109940720234624,-0.11006736105115,-0.110491073122996,-0.110904752155902,-0.111524752597918,-0.112052907389508,-0.112685587274532,-0.112712090229928,-0.112753461548745,-0.113026867288626,-0.113295063982963,-0.113822753528229,-0.113959994177693,-0.1139863536728,-0.114082352918961,-0.114130568866933,-0.11422091797691,-0.114456393427084,-0.114462179902226,-0.114492475674703,-0.114512709840579,-0.114536304609901,-0.114580471321397,-0.114872110404472,-0.114854275239501,-0.115327058368022,-0.115382093072854,-0.115448548071108,-0.115593995642348,-0.115715110187881,-0.115907873400006,-0.116166457416875,-0.1165593400993,-0.116925613497111,-0.117107827643242,-0.117746315730853,-0.117782836813534,-0.117847518559311,-0.118108272496984,-0.118234575721536,-0.118369982236669,-0.118452390539855,-0.11886700734038,-0.119095542682318,-0.119507095318385,-0.119846669759458,-0.120021950576688,-0.120052765641598,-0.120132960667734,-0.12022852331484,-0.120334552709457,-0.120473232186037,-0.12068414144419,-0.120786333369108,-0.120849240293247,-0.120846439536881,-0.120852409603601,-0.120795657396348,-0.120771703578704,-0.12085657424786,-0.120921839203336,-0.120968199161626,-0.121050526563229,-0.121135064743232,-0.121212010969504,-0.121334100018215,-0.1214847848346,-0.121574185327428,-0.121603739486433,-0.121703677571218,-0.121936131330097,-0.12220576489015,-0.122274453288241,-0.122481401069547,-0.122504210656441,-0.122531626304488,-0.122494332177642,-0.122480986764987,-0.122582878602635,-0.122993357363086,-0.123015908816914,-0.123122733020249,-0.123405659797363,-0.123675768415499,-0.12391525674219,-0.124074337571853,-0.124192316842671,-0.124310662835905,-0.124393856913719,-0.124458712119612,-0.124495880228078,-0.124528001079933,-0.124547891912492,-0.124508970919817,-0.124467543652168,-0.124497943846299,-0.124936516733132,-0.124937990621449,-0.125589076176547,-0.125676945612457,-0.125786040177035,-0.126018645265098,-0.126230430141373,-0.126259874516405,-0.126271555097447,-0.126615043153648,-0.127339194090277,-0.127428252325597,-0.127751756082711,-0.127758055147565,-0.127780230341002,-0.127888157980778,-0.127924011565335,-0.132099896662756,-0.132101333755385,-0.132714542131917,-0.133203924326635,-0.133572399927683,-0.133567795818375,-0.133480829893482,-0.13337404632703,-0.133354229133978,-0.133577952551379,-0.133739316321646,-0.133753055402708,-0.133768853713552,-0.133803324465828,-0.133832136691109,-0.133858337511393,-0.133865649467516,-0.133922321275203,-0.134096157977635,-0.134099983365213,-0.134424266121947,-0.134792696669797,-0.13501692543501,-0.135215057072569,-0.135479659249554,-0.13590770747438,-0.136652228681157,-0.137542801528669,-0.13810202345136,-0.138273062866413,-0.138524360690671,-0.138673466401289,-0.139375872491717,-0.13940856083909,-0.139550140177419,-0.140016182868894,-0.141209586053554,-0.142046367516001,-0.142582260404961,-0.142675492012331,-0.143029852879177,-0.144235592020628,-0.144402806774704,-0.144485449703617,-0.144575314497773,-0.144623084731567,-0.144806470399126,-0.144832447448117,-0.144869994100105,-0.145170023528612,-0.145506343956206,-0.145823982018076,-0.146804383532772,-0.147530627349595,-0.148090403757366,-0.147891820766353,-0.147611998350463,-0.147568614011584,-0.147329625308052,-0.147083375858757,-0.146865080820767,-0.146684239992983,-0.146407801831631,-0.146141058478898,-0.146139621310394,-0.145676568197194,-0.145185020261458,-0.144347519788092,-0.144351685814041,-0.14466754172554,-0.145009452488029,-0.144916361334944,-0.1437336431634,-0.143048790040508,-0.143260352866332,-0.141598529051137,-0.140405494752076,-0.139509898827732,-0.139046762255499,-0.138519110930354,-0.138171703589366,-0.137851931036043,-0.138302061314228,-0.138516606450055,-0.138530592292179,-0.138825117852714,-0.138866506581606,-0.138922158756224,-0.138932923226227,-0.138926413757535,-0.138871916501968,-0.138764492707366,-0.138541377515274,-0.138489413983481,-0.138437233308592,-0.138411108755534,-0.138394222797694,-0.138364627100931,-0.138385737843622,-0.138382463270683,-0.138382390212501,-0.138387045012409,-0.138398535918847,-0.137711865188074,-0.137223228720877,-0.136707716433853,-0.135930953451802,-0.135495550897682,-0.13537942978969,-0.135332096812983,-0.135264182248907,-0.135364988199971,-0.135594044813573,-0.135869692057119,-0.136150255057233,-0.136455597568822,-0.136522574237384,-0.13668618801318,-0.136931901315918,-0.137598979853489,-0.137857583541824,-0.138228777521511,-0.139110238463698,-0.139489628323096,-0.139648099374187,-0.139697625222881,-0.139759061017731,-0.139805082744063,-0.139877384990536,-0.139972939086074,-0.139912604839843,-0.139737149598729,-0.139381248135705,-0.139325293548115,-0.139119203996465,-0.138981959773895,-0.138508993160534,-0.138306848405831,-0.138003196962673,-0.137815477505515,-0.13768372603967,-0.13750418086666,-0.137401295266007,-0.137383478701173,-0.137381492348265,-0.137303354429347,-0.137259898657787,-0.13725980095914,-0.137301879418514,-0.137286305256631,-0.13747598205927,-0.137487863544698,-0.13751834113913,-0.137497636786352,-0.137477224864496,-0.137433244803409,-0.137371898974046,-0.137048586543168,-0.137047038864715,-0.137011418628809,-0.136807525528614,-0.136688365263256,-0.136424240542724,-0.136104211428924,-0.135941865685118,-0.135904030302223,-0.13598006283615,-0.136023276867431,-0.136395509492335,-0.136416885660881,-0.136751142692421,-0.137351542017351,-0.137370345974172,-0.137885144957469,-0.13904175197888,-0.140804329352142,-0.141615520990297,-0.142358688306549,-0.142768671607667,-0.143271215544749,-0.143620746018612,-0.143823619507832,-0.144003546047174,-0.144337834134178,-0.144467146896157,-0.144594185015967,-0.14474971375206,-0.144854929024878,-0.145146059783223,-0.145406958130769,-0.145603491085663,-0.145687979027091,-0.145696480678902,-0.145678603887794,-0.145589219755579,-0.145586470909457,-0.145566209467677,-0.145440413773798,-0.145283375391459,-0.145174942972024,-0.144937083514845,-0.144795221274943,-0.144647607053157,-0.144068747593553,-0.14361726891556,-0.143360173809905,-0.143073614191755,-0.142953301005233,-0.142820933837657,-0.142583743483739,-0.142443739774792,-0.14237261191223,-0.142327935919123,-0.142322636054121,-0.143147423439467,-0.143612289191087,-0.143768645666085,-0.144621475243336,-0.146569772482711,-0.147359944859507,-0.147729989815446,-0.147378014758044,-0.147631060829538,-0.147651125425807,-0.147780674414259,-0.147958023813109,-0.148001656770303,-0.1479699417333,-0.147976942510853,-0.148080133856551,-0.148153901906247,-0.148333429116793,-0.148340791231727,-0.148365722793896,-0.148664622769225,-0.14896436596369,-0.149217219484626,-0.14929908852732,-0.149390467703309,-0.149671310636056,-0.149693477708396,-0.149702639551016,-0.149785293435531,-0.149930470525412,-0.150054847132415,-0.150384793337291,-0.150462437872661,-0.150535730391458,-0.150660554465939,-0.150731777235593,-0.150793133141798,-0.150967264984522,-0.150982575894671,-0.150991820536176,-0.151231440776376,-0.150470385432594,-0.150565707922629,-0.150641475648971,-0.150643219361426,-0.150618707584456,-0.15034529735977,-0.149429105499227,-0.147298420822349,-0.146114549751295,-0.143240731508532,-0.143100405044462,-0.142676865558519,-0.141583978595376,-0.141495707066829,-0.141784401177271,-0.140981336509298,-0.140342638428323,-0.139866906594007,-0.139741292312205,-0.139316231136524,-0.139455972006275,-0.139578566067387,-0.13959971183484,-0.139502107721296,-0.139448975615883,-0.139270423241419,-0.139209474594352,-0.139159732313647,-0.139066285214347,-0.138746615389697,-0.138726920290969,-0.138678677816737,-0.138516013519783,-0.138349190603968,-0.138042859248309,-0.137849022389014,-0.137492551566589,-0.136918036893619,-0.136660960608793,-0.136492601886568,-0.136388350136404,-0.136374363044888,-0.136358900340684,-0.136343401018312,-0.136327901701608,-0.136310963396635,-0.136293988472524,-0.13627557456055,-0.136258599647836,-0.136080091248305,-0.135909923757828,-0.135787169730419,-0.135704414379685,-0.135596573204696,-0.135348765997193,-0.135238908700959,-0.135071693474869,-0.134798788605454,-0.134747570687607,-0.134721998398648,-0.134557768238402,-0.134486349288335,-0.134494241129245,-0.134502032056657,-0.13453725629124,-0.134479218523145,-0.134449154728915,-0.134461785208729,-0.134533929325043,-0.134706485337658,-0.135230572700357,-0.134872832032163,-0.134857818342357,-0.134952915412768,-0.134710816358809,-0.134527853658549,-0.134520328388082,-0.134244027297499,-0.134111659568437,-0.134057228864073,-0.133980314972322,-0.133883428269518,-0.133883435069424,-0.133833679708412,-0.133646005365873,-0.133319289629018,-0.13309478670857,-0.132632231914222,-0.132275060519122,-0.13210720693736,-0.132061425051187,-0.131992638614136,-0.131989613404247,-0.131988174234073,-0.131969545631798,-0.131877099887468,-0.131829554833591,-0.131736233738392,-0.131611697163077,-0.131544406160754,-0.131412327669543,-0.131344882250843,-0.131168547730105,-0.130985059354685,-0.130853681715717,-0.130661757702418,-0.130644934085059,-0.130583341377803,-0.130567883443736,-0.130441377616564,-0.13037057894711,-0.130352830338586,-0.130348292115677,-0.130311392382061,-0.130219991155674,-0.130188995280464,-0.129947544105655,-0.129459037650374,-0.129168138126041,-0.128635486439486,-0.127989872366079,-0.127496477292734,-0.127405731835023,-0.127279859397038,-0.127161070390208,-0.127049050673229,-0.1268735114221,-0.12636370163664,-0.126531888111467,-0.127052352814204,-0.127727240296149,-0.128035930845084,-0.128171746425765,-0.128368339650401,-0.128455634947445],"lat":[51.4850487577115,51.4850591741619,51.4851227322577,51.48520495545,51.4852983096526,51.4855843646141,51.4857027653205,51.4858715620724,51.4859926350706,51.4862826394758,51.4866351382742,51.4868016733688,51.486918663779,51.4869354853446,51.4870286500733,51.4872511087148,51.48746958,51.4876510896298,51.4878336368096,51.4878493063642,51.4878547913119,51.4877705522877,51.4878288050618,51.4878386213096,51.4879617595473,51.4882519622316,51.4883384419964,51.4885035898172,51.489163811181,51.489203951719,51.4894179964762,51.4895886744116,51.4902153678943,51.490743344872,51.4912907920471,51.4919142102888,51.4924469323997,51.4930133888558,51.4943700902219,51.4944676524683,51.4949135031617,51.4957476905483,51.4961413490885,51.4973621441001,51.4986391398795,51.5008771001186,51.5016859601867,51.5017549064445,51.5023766846624,51.5023911769912,51.5038472071491,51.5039508745622,51.5040591738124,51.5042648497906,51.5044542343481,51.5046612225422,51.5048662054434,51.5050477999406,51.5057254872634,51.505902747095,51.5062511576633,51.5065015927944,51.5064689608539,51.5064847899986,51.5067747127528,51.5068388875009,51.5069394818541,51.5072997317538,51.507368686544,51.5074462574311,51.5075343072176,51.5076617695407,51.5077892994698,51.5079244941545,51.5079974662463,51.5080943389869,51.5081513543758,51.5083547254226,51.5083559082741,51.5083301139095,51.5082735100342,51.5081033558958,51.5081356057504,51.5082127741263,51.5082433302168,51.5082794491234,51.5083199253306,51.5083848598956,51.5084407114991,51.5084163781536,51.508071009038,51.5077049011519,51.5077528268325,51.5077586225888,51.5074749352899,51.5074242854496,51.5071148782822,51.5070071253768,51.5069088859945,51.5070639465731,51.5052944250877,51.5052907607269,51.5049820645071,51.5048295874517,51.504688405735,51.5044955903041,51.5043053161161,51.5042543950409,51.5040472010799,51.5036403503096,51.5036403270612,51.5033712645254,51.503012524634,51.5022223669249,51.5025226847534,51.5024138695951,51.5022730981663,51.5022049864567,51.5021630752432,51.5021329627974,51.5020457220739,51.502010380516,51.5015838717798,51.5016658592178,51.5015787984448,51.5007985308127,51.5005342767682,51.5004935424916,51.5003480906476,51.4991060054832,51.498497445846,51.4983759480334,51.4983650945218,51.4968749944281,51.4968436574153,51.496777869821,51.4964474432471,51.4955765923826,51.4954990063073,51.4954229507544,51.4954070587184,51.4953922799127,51.4953721554995,51.4949559282866,51.4941626120676,51.4936954996991,51.4936134308592,51.4935271611335,51.4935081265191,51.4933195776455,51.4930707490032,51.4929302531488,51.4927305012599,51.4925024720469,51.4922482187509,51.4919515422729,51.4919685610311,51.4920137688372,51.4919972671453,51.4918836689267,51.4917800861051,51.4916930284119,51.4914739004137,51.4913204078911,51.4911799006381,51.4910556025052,51.4910511325159,51.490871629915,51.4904610094687,51.4900301981615,51.4895521465094,51.4887693736197,51.4861549680086,51.4858482654888,51.4857438842786,51.4856489306401,51.4855647607247,51.4855048311731,51.4848900160455,51.4846925905776,51.4845308864821,51.4840610895701,51.4836540119241,51.483521670582,51.4832951623668,51.482965189098,51.4829503455346,51.4827802376843,51.4826970505754,51.4824350428954,51.4822032028865,51.4821000499927,51.4820984071315,51.4820945864213,51.4818332441989,51.4815842034551,51.4814585776044,51.4814393801073,51.4809076275622,51.4809028639439,51.4807900513685,51.4807135162815,51.480415317648,51.480396134646,51.4803823366114,51.4803530291657,51.4802947092123,51.4802744975379,51.4802064107969,51.4801193288296,51.4798480327598,51.479146961825,51.4783414624043,51.4775267518895,51.4768727506239,51.4767307147164,51.4766462285461,51.4762766567624,51.4747843944652,51.4744585425299,51.4743456743893,51.4742767704482,51.4742112746263,51.473991224903,51.4734240782876,51.4730561112497,51.4726235449547,51.4722662666638,51.4721886912187,51.471933580318,51.4706924786734,51.469880850578,51.470200308365,51.4703532474712,51.4705284050227,51.4706009352195,51.4706726835596,51.4707412815706,51.4707801907646,51.4708762394752,51.4716029141915,51.4717178811781,51.4717675974287,51.4719056580878,51.4721274572327,51.4720295368535,51.4720150413975,51.4709490476284,51.47075182146,51.4701453197711,51.4699239094002,51.4698216126626,51.4697744848178,51.4690881834427,51.4676131634509,51.4663179646841,51.4662147683868,51.4661578720751,51.4660866910871,51.4660003736482,51.4657338490899,51.4632942948095,51.4628320175052,51.4625535502386,51.4619928708741,51.4611207425392,51.4610336017781,51.4608367131138,51.4607150768916,51.4606588502011,51.460580414515,51.4604318742517,51.4600047769236,51.4595937222896,51.459169055564,51.4590124484711,51.4588627031173,51.4586503555875,51.4584927661555,51.4584572172859,51.4583754525244,51.4578811624385,51.457604110722,51.4574081714419,51.4571631935137,51.4568797123064,51.4564151459301,51.4561553765739,51.4560370804857,51.4556984115118,51.4554020942286,51.454768758596,51.4543915188628,51.4541519539034,51.4540541266138,51.4538671090198,51.453776098121,51.4532155842652,51.4530852553517,51.4530100708503,51.4529208805709,51.4526026550121,51.4525216690228,51.4523647162235,51.4522596662065,51.4521579778885,51.4520560799239,51.451955746333,51.4518570003999,51.4517853074248,51.4517598421106,51.4515670099667,51.4513582579496,51.4512418547966,51.451158362574,51.4510859571719,51.4510183013821,51.450660448433,51.4503569709723,51.4503119214777,51.450306610881,51.4503191014799,51.4503181691149,51.4503096977922,51.4502940837651,51.4502695763461,51.4502379495516,51.4501966706075,51.4500999672569,51.450000684447,51.4498635879537,51.4495367236917,51.4494043642998,51.4493483909325,51.449204454791,51.4491417477348,51.4490824720616,51.4487366918479,51.4484309890868,51.4481361272053,51.4477669430884,51.4467463982053,51.4465083680161,51.4462649221739,51.4457118198803,51.4455454493195,51.4454611029744,51.4452974176793,51.445209045427,51.4450793582976,51.4448815835292,51.4447012571748,51.4446319203185,51.4445218634237,51.4443445813597,51.4434012018594,51.4428182423082,51.4426907000246,51.4424427576938,51.4422566253173,51.441964353945,51.4417739616028,51.4414208282636,51.4410779211494,51.4408369832835,51.440322498223,51.4395984946164,51.4391057401892,51.4389736234664,51.4388192601623,51.4387436417222,51.4386240216039,51.4383126075818,51.4378491885237,51.4374086713512,51.4366697234783,51.436457868583,51.4360981186371,51.4351445928934,51.4343679295929,51.4327836023129,51.4318041623016,51.4305419732414,51.4297073244399,51.4294454398531,51.4293413985321,51.4292478596134,51.4290964462825,51.4290006714468,51.4288651731174,51.4287242620282,51.4285876331423,51.4285783010699,51.4285649217199,51.4285240427242,51.4285011302757,51.4284710990119,51.4284232355052,51.4282987450126,51.4281872817401,51.4280408816589,51.4279595735069,51.4279146407323,51.4278695436353,51.4278260795251,51.4277778639078,51.4277339068011,51.4276884171499,51.4276596497162,51.4274838633296,51.4273676738437,51.4273549047939,51.4272610046567,51.4269570959407,51.4265312871155,51.4261382285314,51.4257278598775,51.425391597638,51.4250082704014,51.4247250586757,51.424527900738,51.4241442746833,51.423689349313,51.4234128511613,51.4231032437949,51.4229986237489,51.4230069991578,51.4231366518318,51.423325702512,51.4233755284858,51.4233674687778,51.423307592975,51.422333901801,51.4218485092207,51.4218594620816,51.4219806291575,51.422048212711,51.4221408128698,51.422108889023,51.4218817095502,51.4217512473026,51.4216928620287,51.4215707978361,51.4211850029972,51.4209871981437,51.4209144779208,51.4208953706468,51.4208498726442,51.4208368674811,51.4208182819367,51.4206091367607,51.4205806626913,51.4205637532652,51.4204101984003,51.4202597903478,51.4200573782445,51.420021075479,51.4199918912313,51.4198682777411,51.4198478240153,51.4198256104374,51.4197499082287,51.4197211608369,51.4196861819843,51.419671682498,51.4196713605462,51.4196799223661,51.4197481742434,51.4197715331573,51.4197298618904,51.4197282291599,51.4196698914764,51.4195594657099,51.4193519919254,51.4192886703076,51.4192678915146,51.4192687165465,51.4192749467124,51.4193058492556,51.4193494802811,51.4194158120492,51.4194784152104,51.4197575533628,51.4198506007776,51.4199272685405,51.420065529292,51.420545559611,51.4208115603489,51.4209598761326,51.4210376360312,51.4210850372478,51.4211261477802,51.4211769007031,51.4212261606466,51.4214731866372,51.4215844115972,51.4217231809704,51.421928010508,51.422221829573,51.4223540442694,51.422539942557,51.4226217415385,51.4226726213016,51.4227248904408,51.4227633752941,51.4227984184579,51.4228112724646,51.4228188639414,51.4228138502851,51.4227980989184,51.4227579305446,51.4226671088118,51.4226292941751,51.4226041185673,51.4225855595488,51.422574212401,51.4225706725929,51.4225775518623,51.4225838585307,51.4225778632731,51.4226463898669,51.4226400855572,51.4226076875728,51.4225746433085,51.4225768110216,51.4225770040978,51.4225836111212,51.4226141154387,51.4226987218233,51.4228637870699,51.4230376875179,51.4231369647667,51.4231575584492,51.4231693562639,51.4231517525668,51.4231505169796,51.4231489621376,51.4231288159753,51.4231426786923,51.423176051407,51.4232043442993,51.4232442099705,51.4232293492234,51.4231328946608,51.4229205737274,51.4227648220829,51.4224549754291,51.4223007117185,51.4222543740592,51.422088655338,51.4220354752156,51.4219371104349,51.4216675221162,51.4216667159443,51.4216645055471,51.4216621332733,51.4216130532139,51.4215184415167,51.4212470580776,51.4212260880766,51.4209216464197,51.4208424967178,51.4208004005461,51.4206561588383,51.4205789707076,51.4204732585149,51.4203757981507,51.4202652080192,51.4201371029822,51.4200779811802,51.4198004721269,51.4198217417871,51.4197877091859,51.4196372227168,51.4195736043176,51.419498441479,51.4194530026887,51.4192681147202,51.4191665685698,51.4189861255109,51.418807224121,51.4185663348533,51.4183060419938,51.4181742369857,51.4180183982268,51.417782692576,51.4175574023829,51.4172541348773,51.4171469623422,51.4170859216599,51.4170840782194,51.417078778348,51.4170598830309,51.4170478084746,51.4169772280457,51.4169989576234,51.4169556368919,51.4168769221515,51.4167793582069,51.4166564930403,51.4165199632218,51.4163524173237,51.4162414420099,51.4161870604671,51.4159944207241,51.415796710426,51.4155690203542,51.4155071722849,51.4153000595878,51.4152698499561,51.41523251998,51.4151950526,51.4150293738062,51.4150346031968,51.415054667235,51.4150307482344,51.4149155544793,51.4147141532915,51.4146501339335,51.4146314863526,51.4146097526906,51.4143976157874,51.4141764919724,51.41400606363,51.4140026052504,51.4138323394991,51.4136799782852,51.4135804780504,51.4134773388324,51.4133651668259,51.4133602577449,51.4132908380406,51.4132899623564,51.4129118948266,51.4127676190805,51.4126317761136,51.4127811769892,51.412912259178,51.4129307152793,51.4129264057043,51.412790712285,51.4125244128204,51.4124916637775,51.4123169792889,51.4123035909315,51.4122535862989,51.4120053145048,51.4120076857862,51.4122928405978,51.4122928635033,51.4123484982471,51.4124785949235,51.4125761889936,51.4125833097904,51.4127060233369,51.4128562983937,51.412883859972,51.4129341850279,51.4126795649368,51.4126599998906,51.4126251801244,51.4125555863539,51.412413061974,51.4121580878294,51.4120844645017,51.4118227814186,51.4110144119031,51.4109910919072,51.4110789870809,51.4111774759309,51.411215216618,51.4112228658529,51.4112225796702,51.4113049274575,51.4114552545982,51.4116564584921,51.4118020328185,51.4118748927676,51.411954422904,51.4120008551819,51.4121972577334,51.4122067693592,51.4122261030754,51.4123647933105,51.4127587212662,51.4131173079436,51.4133425253229,51.4133484992498,51.4131562766313,51.4125719695787,51.4124909857635,51.4124743089969,51.4124568472468,51.4124135396053,51.4123948604578,51.4123925738868,51.4123886719263,51.4125435980305,51.4125480212824,51.4125521479851,51.4125604612692,51.4127374077934,51.412870353219,51.4130515640621,51.4133214168798,51.4133629965224,51.413583135342,51.4138049574099,51.4139399924233,51.4140378502685,51.414188151693,51.4143475984679,51.4143475757339,51.4146316113884,51.41490889941,51.4153479712016,51.4153516342208,51.4155778538641,51.415799988714,51.4158614636728,51.4166565702113,51.4171250284305,51.4172632699317,51.4184158648187,51.4192494429033,51.4198764040928,51.4201954838109,51.4205800825663,51.4208470411073,51.4211063443373,51.4220280464566,51.4226240688383,51.4226692541406,51.4236334455354,51.4238184517378,51.4245729179728,51.4247682289893,51.4252825040799,51.4260927738902,51.4268248665218,51.4279966596388,51.4283195689062,51.4287539832496,51.4290782021023,51.4295644349164,51.4299740285207,51.4303394643492,51.4304554171828,51.4304572145471,51.4304842663487,51.4305554905799,51.4304960222205,51.4304486899236,51.4303901371859,51.4303175356987,51.4302701435183,51.4302602028985,51.4302567521039,51.4303348067567,51.4306502531583,51.4312078426559,51.431964010353,51.4328470514101,51.4338285051506,51.4339149998816,51.4339247950402,51.4339322979041,51.4338026142022,51.4337761479896,51.434059017179,51.4348140063573,51.4351788343334,51.4353153395706,51.4354420222166,51.4356651148318,51.4358780709077,51.4362587066309,51.4368816125406,51.4370209398735,51.4373023220141,51.4375628545124,51.4375943397148,51.4377088713204,51.4377579502959,51.4379248968475,51.4380484822979,51.4382621796591,51.4384201653471,51.4385817377412,51.4388216855846,51.439087131363,51.4393836044642,51.4393970618189,51.4396907778392,51.4397332518185,51.4397710192357,51.4397977664805,51.4398622657969,51.4400100608375,51.4400363281984,51.4401006599993,51.4401497903873,51.4401917313293,51.4402117155133,51.4403402343295,51.4402586591892,51.4402613323754,51.440252672908,51.4405956477395,51.4407304413194,51.4411390033521,51.4415421795707,51.4417832977705,51.4420057128362,51.4420114182251,51.4420103068787,51.4419155081129,51.4418852730829,51.441804257623,51.4417247727867,51.4417223738009,51.441695481668,51.4417030582683,51.4417418183878,51.44175108461,51.441770058346,51.44177295777,51.4417998034283,51.4418386119693,51.4423004472909,51.4426540076805,51.4432465168195,51.4434643861824,51.4437029023606,51.4439130929894,51.4440865167669,51.4444661150691,51.4449171750586,51.4453941939943,51.4458307720598,51.4458695746963,51.4458845793221,51.4459596024076,51.4459919322604,51.4463144458458,51.4468619031975,51.447327932746,51.4476598422747,51.4482378991606,51.4485423015284,51.4487045297469,51.4490316896301,51.4493051098527,51.4495051701131,51.4497928904889,51.4499204779466,51.4500613632054,51.450338174146,51.4505607705653,51.4507529841874,51.4509671991546,51.4509913951646,51.4510952874546,51.4511664971551,51.4512148352395,51.4514792291836,51.4520235250046,51.4522365497011,51.4523395169742,51.4529634359405,51.4529701323652,51.4529722479201,51.4538609633168,51.4547423402576,51.4548734219547,51.4549457608176,51.4551284207594,51.455957368058,51.4564108599432,51.4572032437787,51.457305875415,51.4573656201852,51.4579116936398,51.4584370966412,51.4588763291392,51.459094342527,51.4593619651056,51.4612449456535,51.4613019486817,51.4613245746962,51.461487745348,51.4617067572417,51.4618705860711,51.4622552781671,51.4623644138719,51.4624743801249,51.4626984655116,51.4628596566012,51.4630512667326,51.4638363661604,51.463956208716,51.4642261313913,51.465884541388,51.4659777511042,51.4663263676108,51.4672654866954,51.4674004025778,51.4676149380845,51.4676825655692,51.4680152209962,51.4688637417347,51.4693342238085,51.4704676732921,51.4705194063444,51.4700639688947,51.4706320672454,51.4706783286697,51.4709086177792,51.4712888626441,51.4715925745952,51.4713233444947,51.4713672136523,51.47151604026,51.4716558440552,51.4717216365707,51.4717327631732,51.4717959609037,51.4717924200242,51.4718633255806,51.4718749479057,51.471858871102,51.4718906604699,51.4719970941558,51.4719149491591,51.4718620264395,51.4718963135554,51.4719620083984,51.4721298014106,51.4722930855262,51.4725958685407,51.4730903246869,51.4729324666137,51.4728236786356,51.472767167003,51.4727570528616,51.4727478145209,51.4727394748528,51.4727311351827,51.4727227726377,51.4727153087648,51.4727078220162,51.4727003581383,51.4726993190309,51.472705606314,51.4727144457262,51.4727311150603,51.4727626728109,51.4728720384854,51.4729530229722,51.4730987408068,51.473329105807,51.4733139029167,51.4733054027896,51.4734484696174,51.4736460690835,51.473770292086,51.4737910989492,51.4738806857966,51.4738914527356,51.4739224483874,51.4739658136733,51.4739975362445,51.4740740205498,51.4742873873899,51.4746557880718,51.4746708366094,51.4747047225399,51.4749562602447,51.4748877037151,51.4748956772974,51.4751736475882,51.4752767542519,51.4755519598381,51.4756370644433,51.4756822838344,51.4758585382347,51.4759485712626,51.4762423387938,51.4766966579858,51.4770105212182,51.4776524187271,51.4781467165327,51.4783778493797,51.4784409672619,51.4784326773803,51.4784362262108,51.4784362032831,51.4784691789933,51.4786169827365,51.4787232367463,51.4789276795852,51.4791559048763,51.4792519523079,51.4794180085172,51.4794825794014,51.4796038664784,51.479759211006,51.4799432628917,51.4801991891607,51.4802232008734,51.4802150248665,51.4802408568541,51.4804465681056,51.4805578463004,51.480569253634,51.4805745768103,51.4805964698483,51.4806480685198,51.4806664586374,51.4811823782946,51.4813652287741,51.48147029713,51.4816407495308,51.4818615530206,51.4820227351864,51.4824097648112,51.4828807634482,51.4833545728354,51.4836279560563,51.4838697497978,51.4844659051229,51.4845090588933,51.4846019032901,51.4847223902695,51.4847462030356,51.484735781553,51.4849646328526,51.4850487577115]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.108924883868241,-0.108894269735679,-0.108847580077174,-0.108416904920587,-0.108017178666722,-0.107833206420274,-0.107808537267913,-0.10767567608851,-0.107574125383989,-0.107468104351737,-0.107277973872567,-0.106989320644951,-0.106937439786594,-0.106397104252605,-0.105833689961095,-0.105036457774036,-0.104702205726018,-0.104801056010178,-0.104734318180435,-0.104709133781234,-0.104140283183395,-0.104139149247433,-0.104082336569763,-0.103881641066779,-0.10331413829883,-0.102885907117428,-0.101511458427887,-0.0999529210181413,-0.0998470453163452,-0.0991075498695526,-0.0982274508495596,-0.096666006711308,-0.0960880298077279,-0.0958513904326843,-0.0958341257573212,-0.0955439411965939,-0.0951370413950688,-0.0950840801133748,-0.0951027321195401,-0.0947654987933977,-0.0946357644322794,-0.0945146706837239,-0.0942914670883751,-0.0934364680660061,-0.0928587604725235,-0.0920135693305049,-0.0920627532517626,-0.0919169950484884,-0.0918742092612161,-0.0915691692447875,-0.0915972679395417,-0.0910206869347411,-0.0909486225145941,-0.0903720438158509,-0.0903668481519349,-0.0903947102916085,-0.0904423699856017,-0.0904112660273967,-0.0903508977654027,-0.0902774809255495,-0.0902234594080765,-0.0901611475799723,-0.0895714732167299,-0.0881776029004634,-0.0881257995057577,-0.0880524333155159,-0.0878262360886095,-0.0877884294327518,-0.0874760836377062,-0.0870307667799352,-0.0867772374041851,-0.0867711289619036,-0.0867552319851851,-0.0864797081035306,-0.0862721856903547,-0.0855700602577835,-0.084665956898028,-0.0844651840767512,-0.0837548514907782,-0.0835922813769113,-0.083496441875686,-0.083225027862722,-0.0830670421540706,-0.0825249022135211,-0.0817663061992942,-0.0814571920278087,-0.0810639873388767,-0.0809681067395115,-0.0801787800328016,-0.0799448469783681,-0.0796444113828586,-0.0793672810576449,-0.0792014988566701,-0.0780042061793385,-0.077682972358831,-0.077732908698923,-0.0776923601639343,-0.0767961605426609,-0.0765424231803539,-0.0759700761174213,-0.0758964863195631,-0.0755130817479243,-0.0753251317037996,-0.075155104819539,-0.0743446852371163,-0.0741113413091058,-0.0735620878863626,-0.0730220459212559,-0.0729044288323569,-0.0728458466465828,-0.0726152741963103,-0.0719816520565024,-0.0718705872261429,-0.0716205809917952,-0.0708602010213442,-0.0716278677748496,-0.0719098610644109,-0.0720678054345285,-0.0722192220129915,-0.0723278572899559,-0.0724491852992149,-0.0731586920211186,-0.0734243035997624,-0.0736525918781122,-0.0736794938178409,-0.073540362371588,-0.0733552686845405,-0.0723950055819223,-0.072136550592677,-0.0720055969212796,-0.0718370140111797,-0.0717160999329131,-0.0712005756471161,-0.0708183514506304,-0.0698116398374846,-0.0697390741871995,-0.0695044181965448,-0.0693830556279111,-0.068998130689135,-0.0676047885989576,-0.0676340888990937,-0.067381975046876,-0.0672553159328218,-0.0649321109517321,-0.0649906439804338,-0.0648800511401162,-0.0647889864831422,-0.0638078830763874,-0.0637968822658085,-0.0633312977150162,-0.0632943802170419,-0.0624798025226181,-0.0619613171571533,-0.0616110612789007,-0.0606961416804167,-0.0606603937053945,-0.0602793774910435,-0.0602698050123019,-0.0596856512608642,-0.0594048118582146,-0.0592301366827519,-0.0592011877602706,-0.0589637606343534,-0.0584733731930514,-0.0576625439444893,-0.0573303168854261,-0.0571493464931778,-0.0564339232697607,-0.0564324452181619,-0.056320049785904,-0.0562509397442944,-0.0561737117745469,-0.0561323262150531,-0.0561829478117725,-0.0559462168065337,-0.05591280836531,-0.0550571599820841,-0.0549724154297804,-0.0545238911249605,-0.0545396765768685,-0.0540673978334703,-0.0539652689636337,-0.0539085408141657,-0.0538565150163539,-0.0538234368951691,-0.0537877005932667,-0.0536861459388802,-0.0536952525234609,-0.0533871566191793,-0.0531481494193446,-0.0527816303459077,-0.0522854143207218,-0.0521377722539463,-0.0511569824482229,-0.0511555425806014,-0.0507703001537005,-0.0505065626444662,-0.0502216468780486,-0.0497061031922482,-0.0494389792440179,-0.0488765213400374,-0.0491175651972609,-0.04860539984544,-0.0481189373870965,-0.048035615003083,-0.0479858329892008,-0.047974774559284,-0.0479512562111407,-0.0479164490551618,-0.0478256580841939,-0.047770192278537,-0.0477801172596528,-0.0478256748927183,-0.0479793793036657,-0.0479952180026774,-0.0479810871121204,-0.0479655741098124,-0.0479173841201068,-0.0474876659055679,-0.0475468942732592,-0.0470406429701836,-0.0469641923087415,-0.0467220195211332,-0.0466624799750078,-0.0464466191421546,-0.0461551449407998,-0.0460239534321381,-0.0460149293546273,-0.0462618804127669,-0.0461729849670924,-0.0463728245330359,-0.0455973924773755,-0.0453089511671508,-0.0450493424274001,-0.045113273068998,-0.0451937125505101,-0.0444130275032273,-0.0442500935337531,-0.0439089396566766,-0.0433759564483341,-0.0430198450497262,-0.0410591516179163,-0.0404561487403824,-0.0401622328451109,-0.0398699112655222,-0.0392561470262364,-0.038659277986631,-0.0383966063159048,-0.0372439307563309,-0.0370588940128137,-0.0370375148784212,-0.0370419011593665,-0.0369632422909031,-0.0368815876098637,-0.0367810800827219,-0.0366097102034381,-0.0362561572213708,-0.0358541378335716,-0.0356491760385551,-0.035016386069043,-0.0346667052204087,-0.0343547751882994,-0.0338965165659108,-0.0337358732382559,-0.0335740834095758,-0.0334393223007222,-0.0333994985359632,-0.0333683144992818,-0.0333409307648381,-0.0332532328686868,-0.0330885203786507,-0.0328620466336809,-0.0330370730205787,-0.0330005092398638,-0.0328428156860284,-0.0328296084249224,-0.0328221608223436,-0.0329712451688139,-0.0329735590843252,-0.0327249977149844,-0.0325094845649951,-0.0324007874491513,-0.0323543158817234,-0.0324273795439972,-0.0323710071438988,-0.0323736705667193,-0.0323983581235057,-0.0323670531354539,-0.032390339328656,-0.032318285605414,-0.032326754771516,-0.0323772197492056,-0.0323205786295061,-0.0322879972384056,-0.0322459329976404,-0.0322375065395526,-0.0322391484084724,-0.0322617066796678,-0.0323110638345718,-0.0323171948751147,-0.0323595396665861,-0.0326165925738282,-0.032774533501946,-0.0326163342097975,-0.0324791249788296,-0.032615693289219,-0.0328467806154559,-0.0329182363514938,-0.0328831726333417,-0.0329684845049852,-0.0326565405708577,-0.0325454346084431,-0.0325796298087926,-0.0326562322974322,-0.0327308533268769,-0.0328980366216175,-0.0329258539819287,-0.0329326184207869,-0.0329345141379313,-0.0329217427022165,-0.0329027871845362,-0.0328135524946784,-0.0327222754238407,-0.0326733666856454,-0.0326390477219462,-0.0325754252195417,-0.0325691557543459,-0.0325673986530093,-0.0325993790192481,-0.0326697551809135,-0.0327395497910403,-0.0327423661236241,-0.0327086187754525,-0.0327125812878119,-0.0327265822226111,-0.0327461093540497,-0.032806409170658,-0.0329847549666623,-0.0331191006716737,-0.0331758247433232,-0.0332168680679663,-0.0332496993317146,-0.0332459825828436,-0.0332124769877582,-0.0331500637820537,-0.0330826356114241,-0.032998482343752,-0.0329705887288576,-0.032903602481509,-0.0328699891605102,-0.0328238064576831,-0.0327649770215819,-0.0327051723015694,-0.0326557929139546,-0.0326306155996324,-0.0325519942996068,-0.0326171686781728,-0.0325485179007975,-0.0323548492125667,-0.0324074003682295,-0.0324180110758208,-0.0324128719994269,-0.0325812136090533,-0.0325503561272178,-0.0329109223829939,-0.0332477972770693,-0.0333040894353065,-0.0333273155477514,-0.0352387216093306,-0.0373150803555925,-0.0373768641237583,-0.0374759597680906,-0.0375003930996977,-0.0375305459405504,-0.0375606987846505,-0.0375908516319976,-0.0376209658916403,-0.0376510415653411,-0.0376538820262686,-0.0376939186185477,-0.0377324771084342,-0.0377709584357728,-0.0378094011923315,-0.0378464044396457,-0.0378833305324785,-0.0379174161744925,-0.0379543423060225,-0.0379897517611017,-0.0380237217087604,-0.0380576530949278,-0.0380915845034432,-0.0381240378221065,-0.0382350216555107,-0.0383867879246394,-0.0384104113684262,-0.0384439187181648,-0.0384788656425555,-0.0385138126049014,-0.0385516772583601,-0.038589619096696,-0.0386275224001525,-0.0386669424263213,-0.0387078406025489,-0.0387177245516686,-0.0387515793330585,-0.0387883132275287,-0.0388236461726279,-0.0388604186875652,-0.0388986693406106,-0.0389355190388399,-0.0389738468718505,-0.0390136142743198,-0.0390519807163834,-0.0390932648380807,-0.0391331479947705,-0.0391745092801416,-0.039191668179801,-0.0392230683278661,-0.0392559080346489,-0.0392873467612856,-0.0393202250458505,-0.0393531418971023,-0.0393860587558628,-0.0394204537288545,-0.0394534477140681,-0.0394864417042225,-0.0395194742539676,-0.0395539849119167,-0.0395870560217481,-0.0396201656866091,-0.0396547920072385,-0.0396879787756461,-0.0397038523839454,-0.0397370777003999,-0.0397718196639302,-0.0398036825209442,-0.0398369849229717,-0.0398703644149626,-0.0399023043487938,-0.0399342828212423,-0.0399662612845775,-0.0403702577611139,-0.0405530663800994,-0.0405633744023205,-0.040070409203359,-0.0410557121601089,-0.0403437766702011,-0.0425080684437328,-0.0422258811866002,-0.0423572954926337,-0.0427407306956685,-0.0444988076356961,-0.0445526997878397,-0.0445765170177732,-0.0447370694698301,-0.0447581570706375,-0.0451354574348735,-0.0451157873883516,-0.0455218198795633,-0.0458317699635167,-0.045927271388187,-0.0461644328441216,-0.0465673905348454,-0.046566139140508,-0.0465674553881514,-0.0475957693621637,-0.0475500521624245,-0.0492201398236527,-0.0492609454962062,-0.0493583486646747,-0.0497130681987174,-0.0496574634469883,-0.0503452504160159,-0.0508174990507022,-0.0511516775852039,-0.051466140834449,-0.0519587310682263,-0.0501695864249432,-0.0501087651461758,-0.0503442218803046,-0.0503089650995889,-0.0503845004887595,-0.0504643921379732,-0.0506442364707914,-0.050738069966401,-0.0507700434024619,-0.0511157415114141,-0.0513084841981151,-0.0517503026451615,-0.0521198449866822,-0.0521749634268724,-0.052412862924674,-0.0525005444236586,-0.052622128758287,-0.0526311862879402,-0.052889862968115,-0.0539775072559336,-0.0537288209688645,-0.0535645669101784,-0.0535154281407876,-0.0534061718232386,-0.0533219526531397,-0.0532545851097408,-0.0531861076360356,-0.0531561104779202,-0.0530305481515667,-0.0529942347054072,-0.0529339421701074,-0.0529017326674303,-0.0528805558539071,-0.0528443655520426,-0.0528567992104907,-0.0528940235493211,-0.0529203683954727,-0.052940550036634,-0.0529464607207172,-0.0529491940219821,-0.0530797300699865,-0.0531812877966295,-0.0531402049168991,-0.0535601768769731,-0.053551889513163,-0.0534231287634101,-0.0533148653948933,-0.0532493839686831,-0.0531958612950243,-0.0531691418265712,-0.0530973674088207,-0.0530409272411823,-0.053001215946034,-0.053000006316441,-0.0529644218628848,-0.0530137022762819,-0.0531180202217174,-0.0529847470341148,-0.0529824043813377,-0.0528902531118909,-0.0528326824957764,-0.0528009500090838,-0.052922307376246,-0.052921534147532,-0.0529786987831155,-0.0529495533342771,-0.0529559685457919,-0.0529597043741035,-0.0528575566372399,-0.0528187354491899,-0.0528114705324193,-0.0529427089817337,-0.0529744789124799,-0.0530175472881381,-0.0530527536041904,-0.0531188253693356,-0.0532507230157803,-0.0532604296442414,-0.0531682452106226,-0.0531566934538587,-0.0531877733437085,-0.0532189296970081,-0.0532686189780241,-0.0533060675833338,-0.0534278278993932,-0.0534894209215155,-0.053514345944661,-0.0535069649447489,-0.0533882794933146,-0.0533568091911449,-0.0533588755150366,-0.0534132193428898,-0.0535734491515254,-0.0535735169205681,-0.0535732638472234,-0.0535203209702636,-0.0534702478292754,-0.053478161993343,-0.0535218019155679,-0.0536213682954407,-0.0536541243539517,-0.0536954387962369,-0.0537080231938356,-0.0539998270327222,-0.0540185118811683,-0.0539530004528852,-0.0539473204406874,-0.0543285621615421,-0.052699292258052,-0.0527475093200252,-0.0527630744253158,-0.0527570407700278,-0.0521738080353587,-0.0519805548895314,-0.0518015101368531,-0.0516871207496379,-0.0516866166733845,-0.0517824915579838,-0.0521513384332843,-0.0522818735097796,-0.0520409515551983,-0.0516843797801224,-0.0514464025808392,-0.0509945369054817,-0.0508814383165,-0.0511282812127266,-0.0513266102244651,-0.0513196461773855,-0.0510002810433363,-0.0505751755077384,-0.0506340271449851,-0.0508222829406686,-0.050888481097279,-0.0505200295554414,-0.0502785697874518,-0.0499050330788112,-0.0496700958804346,-0.0496231161817146,-0.0494067681474365,-0.0490558122865472,-0.0486291612404655,-0.0482061191563365,-0.0485401979814378,-0.0477208465331278,-0.047561708582314,-0.0473305408223251,-0.0470375690748176,-0.0467730275416142,-0.0465867888939191,-0.0463636462999198,-0.0462138185378556,-0.0459991210725144,-0.0457204031873131,-0.0454572901389416,-0.0453463769837235,-0.0452368684045048,-0.0451885675392244,-0.0451290897318183,-0.0451056298100588,-0.045114160617049,-0.04512328496918,-0.0451770471803711,-0.0452426796109231,-0.0453035114371167,-0.0453357571257446,-0.0456156165409278,-0.0457174095242005,-0.0457427479421509,-0.0457799593899552,-0.0457813978350305,-0.0460016639346827,-0.0461032181260617,-0.0461603938139329,-0.0449958213687239,-0.0446323674444298,-0.0434522878966957,-0.0427455996056473,-0.042100398294264,-0.0419620921115342,-0.0418251477642915,-0.041648675879561,-0.0424456929522112,-0.0429893823439384,-0.043189696041172,-0.0436628148094154,-0.0438862063115039,-0.044507982427779,-0.0448740643456642,-0.0450006504362564,-0.0451242651737492,-0.0451964712532178,-0.0451789282123866,-0.0454831912892902,-0.0458752607174564,-0.0461507881265284,-0.0465114884891526,-0.0469414918353515,-0.0477579714428508,-0.04823982944232,-0.0487217649753316,-0.0490866665658559,-0.0493664416534309,-0.0499355371056182,-0.0509546346759246,-0.0530700256051657,-0.0534646104341701,-0.0535797164755799,-0.0536450073961008,-0.0537878448152509,-0.0539083836257832,-0.0539539465553027,-0.0540076036051668,-0.054081343190032,-0.0543312884776401,-0.0547487777129806,-0.0554355181402601,-0.0565434617661607,-0.0575613259477832,-0.0581006749022713,-0.0586189647560479,-0.0586875234700805,-0.0590615535876293,-0.0596776817965176,-0.0609726891245249,-0.0613835845986096,-0.0618269592924329,-0.0620797547640144,-0.0622199392777866,-0.0623432380130388,-0.062569075879215,-0.062901464771905,-0.0630839318185606,-0.0632447249422437,-0.0633651287033546,-0.0634841308141428,-0.0636400212637223,-0.0637133757162424,-0.0637497776211496,-0.0636655384775919,-0.0637336327507449,-0.0638704192523374,-0.0640827885853476,-0.0641657971459002,-0.0642188239750291,-0.0642775645117636,-0.0646117174548366,-0.0650262115557385,-0.0646713284288716,-0.0642800753974963,-0.0640535720330939,-0.0638010013280265,-0.0637522900712987,-0.0637335529093145,-0.063706879797289,-0.0637007610365785,-0.0635436126108102,-0.0634574445578468,-0.0634567799006789,-0.0635507772142596,-0.0639828077359947,-0.064158233708068,-0.0642449266097269,-0.0643649608486772,-0.0644203253504574,-0.0644672148151723,-0.0645306095151149,-0.0645603266427423,-0.0646111984679309,-0.0648003323268073,-0.0650864342783182,-0.0654157984326559,-0.0656068035677339,-0.065788088014457,-0.0658343327895136,-0.0659090710461887,-0.0659740439291495,-0.0660429882108064,-0.0661443213587609,-0.0667087897235701,-0.0671515942794402,-0.0677533380073911,-0.0686022227064905,-0.0690216225027414,-0.0695291726021383,-0.0696223205650059,-0.069984203807724,-0.0701872584860904,-0.0703929988493241,-0.0706953281017729,-0.070943213747654,-0.071109946088177,-0.0713349797152959,-0.0716077974293937,-0.072076895954484,-0.0722159720937809,-0.0723833852351975,-0.0724608680115878,-0.0725401287720243,-0.0726301338877578,-0.072708750902332,-0.0727640625003003,-0.0728617463571724,-0.0735861144484096,-0.0748935847951941,-0.0749277404003203,-0.0749702924946027,-0.0750484277439369,-0.0750933443131952,-0.0750286000039398,-0.0749442639811241,-0.0747957259065647,-0.0744907513290357,-0.0743270910245674,-0.0741661834454931,-0.0739848055474314,-0.0739304315367128,-0.0739356493318978,-0.0739544877074705,-0.0740022645879674,-0.0740486417605443,-0.074095018916903,-0.0741414716240365,-0.0741879998763931,-0.0742389538817298,-0.0742899456359079,-0.0743410129153667,-0.0743892052054014,-0.0744374730147285,-0.0744857785609333,-0.0745326465913982,-0.0745546242300664,-0.0745825028522684,-0.0746118189317125,-0.0746396975219562,-0.0746675760964114,-0.0746940549555781,-0.0747219712700869,-0.0747470503969416,-0.0747735669780565,-0.074797208601813,-0.0748208879799709,-0.0748446051110674,-0.0748668847562276,-0.0748863272172978,-0.074893778935654,-0.0749132591439735,-0.0749327393363847,-0.0749493445805205,-0.074965987577779,-0.0749811930957131,-0.0749963986005064,-0.075008766930435,-0.07502113524909,-0.075033503556474,-0.0750429969288797,-0.0754550468419184,-0.0754565220415361,-0.0756648122949164,-0.0765987608919415,-0.0776031908526035,-0.0780424287791363,-0.0782388456395773,-0.0783067237968765,-0.0791609333273337,-0.0791975500004482,-0.0792228942259612,-0.0792555060306174,-0.0792690880220753,-0.0792617243026313,-0.0791498725630449,-0.0789308926627323,-0.0794651482853821,-0.0795159189868912,-0.0796298318661041,-0.0798288686933545,-0.07985629752438,-0.0800773684175798,-0.0803434169897717,-0.0808519118866049,-0.0808969591287436,-0.0811585421920842,-0.0816945482574275,-0.0817265621244566,-0.0817794448168125,-0.0820318096750869,-0.0828437769747725,-0.0834389353396013,-0.0834766833972043,-0.0834953204861383,-0.0835111353768931,-0.0835369659417258,-0.0835855386706141,-0.0836183955943412,-0.0836317237734448,-0.0836831665506885,-0.0838627587636848,-0.0840788454897497,-0.0843723902865001,-0.0846522792419742,-0.084955258032014,-0.0851727123874748,-0.0852507817952168,-0.0852617560662454,-0.0854381514165939,-0.0857947484327235,-0.0859043120813636,-0.085991599286027,-0.0860401106320127,-0.0860740588964802,-0.0860923820133391,-0.0861005672503296,-0.0860986896810659,-0.0860665215240595,-0.0859453211509348,-0.0858874372061276,-0.0858563408143665,-0.0858687259179832,-0.0858904875510219,-0.0859168623493054,-0.0859971510839545,-0.0860455025418357,-0.0861213555364493,-0.0866133848147125,-0.0872577249751485,-0.0876807568947271,-0.0878738409981819,-0.0881149531044068,-0.0882261339818956,-0.0883196140646263,-0.0884971370860261,-0.0888910059982563,-0.0893087716693844,-0.0895930476435753,-0.0900233120684781,-0.0902254332143741,-0.0904647872654138,-0.0905778370374286,-0.0906654019874723,-0.0909813439119362,-0.0911946296091531,-0.0914889791340815,-0.0917263598700368,-0.0918379222241825,-0.0918980808233454,-0.0919894908791749,-0.0920401011941158,-0.0922584223039,-0.0925404975299914,-0.0927679966850386,-0.0928745131757003,-0.0930026842035505,-0.093206695995834,-0.0933570520452688,-0.0936341132154877,-0.0937990397597614,-0.0940045637343108,-0.0941057388709957,-0.0945074150140546,-0.0949531018357642,-0.0950162370568107,-0.0950375597891429,-0.0950433085822126,-0.095017096373745,-0.0950131827949268,-0.0950250543923147,-0.09504008451223,-0.0950965917468412,-0.0951405711764687,-0.095251652472972,-0.0956977828041644,-0.0959035206901986,-0.0961080468773939,-0.097429907456029,-0.097958563115656,-0.098451457449247,-0.0988920973634439,-0.0992533625468289,-0.0993041508536991,-0.0993447224436567,-0.0994035088333959,-0.0994170155869637,-0.099427350284342,-0.0995648937906818,-0.09964555393108,-0.09972346696146,-0.099808683540341,-0.0998587817389451,-0.0999236730201163,-0.0999931776377308,-0.100068808441065,-0.1001476142623,-0.100205144650602,-0.100322240532102,-0.100760984341784,-0.100766310965807,-0.100792576239457,-0.10078923954874,-0.100802263621038,-0.100830922413783,-0.100877831540179,-0.100957917362107,-0.101132041690351,-0.101322660081619,-0.101340314102183,-0.101380517914753,-0.101425356614144,-0.1014571760995,-0.101474537969342,-0.101478955014478,-0.101468839693784,-0.10138748479303,-0.101335188613494,-0.101106088960169,-0.101060647912818,-0.101038816918812,-0.101034847931043,-0.101162717913169,-0.101118639871499,-0.101005807066658,-0.10093841598063,-0.100627648453566,-0.10004487902922,-0.0991175250084095,-0.0985913504025859,-0.097848936725316,-0.0976021978497242,-0.0972070722877583,-0.0965759929453036,-0.0962014601447046,-0.0958371617594443,-0.0956649090738962,-0.0955036731893316,-0.0952081568287627,-0.0951486128456053,-0.0951226615459069,-0.0950254124268761,-0.0948668631366539,-0.0947296329092198,-0.0945719628974304,-0.0941425734491183,-0.093650403610643,-0.0930942160572327,-0.0929383112076425,-0.0928400309874869,-0.0927585114361575,-0.0925519020649065,-0.0923277579504083,-0.0922118378358392,-0.091539165570828,-0.0911241995488632,-0.0909398247524394,-0.0906671562090707,-0.0901060546855581,-0.0900718902215393,-0.0900711653544129,-0.0900797108957687,-0.0900946118561343,-0.090136374203225,-0.0911462831738996,-0.0922653723477624,-0.0927176510412408,-0.0927401629361927,-0.0927819718339203,-0.0928490504994044,-0.0929288684510765,-0.0929465616748272,-0.0930244998512468,-0.0930310949395317,-0.0930802884450569,-0.0934869520590795,-0.0936237391186136,-0.0936632491155117,-0.0937270775084951,-0.0939992673298241,-0.094065184945073,-0.0941056830613472,-0.0942006935322806,-0.0943231924644651,-0.0944529229086342,-0.0947971482659646,-0.0950698926553567,-0.0959975000282025,-0.0971357628188549,-0.0989171233913251,-0.0991772221429038,-0.0992474334474209,-0.0993751360650362,-0.0995429098908314,-0.0997752893702828,-0.100368029436796,-0.100573444801043,-0.100619683547777,-0.100654260990389,-0.100682692442977,-0.100591397569127,-0.100337881317932,-0.100169880524097,-0.100111647754198,-0.099997740976233,-0.101511453065508,-0.10362194567469,-0.10555431759098,-0.107203048506367,-0.107854291844197,-0.108068152901533,-0.108219433323344,-0.108245960180632,-0.108237786209294,-0.108214970868019,-0.108178395566074,-0.108085430623045,-0.105557089603563,-0.105006647314523,-0.104086010341361,-0.104046927654568,-0.104621119600515,-0.104640486552907,-0.104623756311086,-0.104898594072733,-0.10515564216261,-0.105280783570095,-0.105326802752964,-0.105421903314004,-0.105634091348254,-0.106043785424585,-0.105904955448762,-0.105635780758837,-0.105663970716248,-0.106328661096587,-0.106823372783598,-0.107222609284364,-0.106926337015,-0.106615938990546,-0.106550188188595,-0.106357649718072,-0.107844529680475,-0.107991843755115,-0.108136714556622,-0.108281139575671,-0.108452541587564,-0.108121530597101,-0.105519911267549,-0.104711053563001,-0.10418850124072,-0.103803304252124,-0.10339300874218,-0.103260234612508,-0.103258608574527,-0.103159816116721,-0.103395991081152,-0.10315625592931,-0.103527460263388,-0.103405723630887,-0.103582932172555,-0.10371218810034,-0.103731670897859,-0.103883362891612,-0.103943131118745,-0.104105127695954,-0.10425736181815,-0.104400601497136,-0.104519085271602,-0.104699091394382,-0.104793933162109,-0.104886954160455,-0.104896248847506,-0.105337813426614,-0.105742098371294,-0.107159019799374,-0.109399474041069,-0.1105073955807,-0.110584358238957,-0.11066442329476,-0.11081359340432,-0.110957394970709,-0.110972915771445,-0.111442589512862,-0.110295109091069,-0.110303913665922,-0.11029541411803,-0.109516292974489,-0.10952016608596,-0.109470475554524,-0.109121121078204,-0.108353632044803,-0.10822802224583,-0.108188874403924,-0.107846543368885,-0.106825807325895,-0.106704050046637,-0.106527342844517,-0.105986633675907,-0.105947706082938,-0.106115551072437,-0.106086926292777,-0.106065016598483,-0.106050665746304,-0.106080850925115,-0.10613685599522,-0.106751587115696,-0.10745801285948,-0.106395616843142,-0.106518467116097,-0.106519907059012,-0.106599583456355,-0.106566499178206,-0.106545656312531,-0.106467163087679,-0.106434673905379,-0.106434584829859,-0.106465728355404,-0.106592704003045,-0.106596874979164,-0.107363630164876,-0.108175580065139,-0.108245002506987,-0.108290974950897,-0.108406410812298,-0.108424487434246,-0.108506405348497,-0.108593107544482,-0.108799719202591,-0.10886237549233,-0.108921568267822,-0.108924883868241],"lat":[51.5084407114991,51.5084492104179,51.5084979165889,51.5085278407012,51.5085411766563,51.5085642870904,51.5084640717746,51.5084709207114,51.5085915808617,51.5086114522174,51.5086092832665,51.5086199119103,51.5086199737635,51.5086184449565,51.5086174401823,51.5086252446401,51.5086234405714,51.5085333139125,51.5084746831063,51.5083870483464,51.5084129252293,51.5084749555304,51.5085243954498,51.5085337405194,51.508596504676,51.5086021681131,51.5085943155224,51.5085429980704,51.5084900251689,51.5084609559499,51.5084170126077,51.5083665035122,51.5083346408167,51.5083074183727,51.5083413098142,51.5083195121791,51.5082283739673,51.5081852487055,51.5081181074089,51.5080496815622,51.5080160999666,51.5079826586121,51.5079097891996,51.5076791722089,51.5075375885491,51.507348486397,51.5072404764323,51.5072111274029,51.5073039540343,51.5072585241218,51.5072068244369,51.5071075150602,51.5071423123268,51.5070429997824,51.506926011729,51.5068455322359,51.5067051248399,51.5066218867191,51.5066182059919,51.5066853540917,51.5068400459465,51.5070206812353,51.5069589202869,51.5068309933916,51.5068292496536,51.5068262551097,51.5068252650863,51.5068678130323,51.5068249510764,51.506791609791,51.5067551008644,51.5067289227389,51.5066612190683,51.5065649996623,51.5065310387859,51.5065051914665,51.506485034101,51.5064619713421,51.5063226725535,51.5063164191368,51.5062995656304,51.5062429730395,51.5062304990102,51.5061353076118,51.5060131927621,51.5059622742221,51.5058892960348,51.5058391672082,51.5056598858708,51.505568828091,51.5054829757269,51.505391209441,51.5054271624727,51.5050811158098,51.5049760330757,51.5048851271541,51.5048556862315,51.5045802078609,51.5045148969513,51.5043508358577,51.5043190537052,51.5042534116001,51.5042341405467,51.5041998759517,51.5039410739247,51.5038706970008,51.5037061040098,51.5035623427492,51.5035154471064,51.5035378652138,51.5034360567264,51.5031198932231,51.5031909073129,51.5030716913836,51.5025160326429,51.5020799272503,51.5019190999342,51.5015565969292,51.5014170029446,51.501335157476,51.5012598153532,51.5008353337524,51.5006868233237,51.5005350014446,51.5005120625738,51.5004630155869,51.5006155468904,51.5011438195089,51.5012591726483,51.5013577369706,51.5015285225523,51.5016281508821,51.5019622913638,51.5022104949835,51.5019610216056,51.5020074880428,51.501968554345,51.5019422764461,51.5018451136791,51.5014031074183,51.5013235560061,51.5012546547519,51.501455800336,51.5009588660669,51.5008015619153,51.5007592703139,51.5008342048174,51.5007298830913,51.5006154952739,51.500586225119,51.5006413696539,51.5007214375787,51.5007164672908,51.5007196710598,51.5006856603085,51.5007471182046,51.5007282270232,51.5006822063409,51.5006968228017,51.5006939743856,51.5007018749068,51.5007049928665,51.5007316382204,51.5007774762316,51.5008368897692,51.5008565660734,51.5008769488851,51.5010305585027,51.5010314332689,51.5010655409583,51.5009627788736,51.5009830811117,51.5010075744665,51.5011046345994,51.5011825433465,51.5011550116547,51.5014546665207,51.5014145927389,51.5016274721351,51.5016628052347,51.5018582028495,51.5018879823423,51.501900529913,51.5019041628683,51.5019027146699,51.5018283820955,51.5018446819395,51.5019014866066,51.501997090317,51.5020605674773,51.5021408115094,51.5022890428951,51.5024061926242,51.5027334163055,51.5027333923779,51.5028807637164,51.5030508367327,51.5032106651698,51.5035411147103,51.5037228194517,51.5040380968784,51.5042309520798,51.5045155906505,51.5043672101854,51.5042264376446,51.5041437761332,51.5041328009142,51.5041099278822,51.5040814713624,51.5040817586008,51.5041320932734,51.5042033002506,51.5043173657275,51.5045645236727,51.504632232006,51.5046931466645,51.5047189670711,51.5047676243919,51.5050446378352,51.5051085722972,51.5053555335371,51.5053236854696,51.505123612946,51.5052017563977,51.5052961804767,51.5051033788681,51.5051722348719,51.5051810771463,51.5053704395957,51.5054274107047,51.5055728233984,51.5060149303869,51.5058185801925,51.5059923069471,51.5060473283995,51.5064236618151,51.5069205285419,51.5069564798205,51.5070488097919,51.507145132608,51.5072165274125,51.5074724568517,51.5074875624342,51.5074862481936,51.5074813628094,51.5074450243477,51.5074179578558,51.5073937808567,51.5072225197549,51.507169064058,51.5071300378818,51.5070950400152,51.5070811337208,51.507069875017,51.5071284432298,51.5070923016112,51.5070369225668,51.5069357675551,51.5068765803241,51.5066798319217,51.506534586522,51.5063827786904,51.5060819368772,51.5059641377958,51.5057725795926,51.5056561133313,51.5056104823141,51.5055649961657,51.5054647186128,51.5053931053001,51.5051691238519,51.504773245949,51.5046907515483,51.504602909627,51.5045840778232,51.5045227062958,51.5044614313797,51.5044459467611,51.504358756912,51.5043419978501,51.5043608640294,51.5043419543553,51.5043168945113,51.5042263953729,51.5041301275151,51.5040348501489,51.5039300503899,51.503686723688,51.5035810011492,51.5031463465974,51.5030835401629,51.5030493155564,51.5027920747353,51.5025784022873,51.5024176273347,51.5018104821101,51.5016720228516,51.501449383644,51.5011732381836,51.5010978027908,51.5001147172328,51.500101044666,51.5000803133659,51.4993375641606,51.4993118812737,51.4979472891525,51.4979340797941,51.4976798870464,51.4976577165012,51.4969478285265,51.4969318043903,51.4960324732175,51.4960078674887,51.495968685697,51.4959420603347,51.4959070957432,51.4958967711793,51.4958735037407,51.4958294715205,51.4957914881267,51.4957632929182,51.4956943510705,51.4957063088074,51.4957045890273,51.4956986176706,51.4956705722893,51.4956488847246,51.4956227765371,51.4954488555218,51.4950858335666,51.4947362907882,51.4946374187877,51.4944174317471,51.4943923187782,51.4943682734837,51.4943497164919,51.4943210523031,51.4942943682675,51.4942858305388,51.4942732929714,51.4942568953136,51.4942304679851,51.4941494717173,51.4941246295781,51.494102000369,51.4940954737951,51.4941093497517,51.4941214715816,51.4941716060722,51.4941827326649,51.4941846557307,51.4941791724889,51.4941628816639,51.4941386723208,51.4941211638644,51.4938392737959,51.4936973839706,51.4936188952883,51.4931651134331,51.4931156363106,51.4930699517766,51.4930554772886,51.4930268274957,51.4930074251821,51.4929307417494,51.492868947385,51.4930002850896,51.4929961782968,51.4926334420164,51.4922194797959,51.4922232116825,51.4922302657957,51.4922315739782,51.4922338771411,51.4922361802963,51.4922384834437,51.4922416852032,51.4922457855749,51.4922467323746,51.4922536972237,51.4922615365902,51.492271173184,51.4922817083852,51.4922922194864,51.4923045278161,51.4923158893409,51.4923281976485,51.4923422790989,51.4923563364534,51.4923712924183,51.4923862483735,51.4924020788551,51.4924677834784,51.4925566518598,51.4925768308786,51.4926016715564,51.4926265363047,51.492651401043,51.492675415309,51.4926976323226,51.4927207479444,51.4927420903914,51.4927625582822,51.4927672199233,51.4927839729327,51.4928007740849,51.4928166525296,51.4928325550393,51.492847582992,51.4928616882377,51.4928749189256,51.4928881736745,51.4929005057167,51.4929119872709,51.4929225461184,51.4929322304034,51.4929352151213,51.4929420350285,51.4929488789979,51.4929548002674,51.4929607455984,51.4929657922995,51.4929708389915,51.4929750111221,51.4929782605539,51.4929815099766,51.4929838607692,51.4929853369987,51.4929867891516,51.4929873426744,51.4929861230119,51.492984879274,51.492984245369,51.4929821029963,51.4929781874366,51.4929742237391,51.4929702840962,51.4929645472019,51.4929587862356,51.4929521266395,51.4929454670345,51.492829918978,51.4927997009999,51.4927944776531,51.4921630484587,51.491827899945,51.4910624200348,51.4902406702072,51.4900354230128,51.4900277250979,51.4900215361151,51.4901066222792,51.4901264055646,51.490142090245,51.4903623896179,51.4904418765615,51.4903771252066,51.4903318340361,51.4902351869014,51.4901621166045,51.4902194625298,51.4903663975252,51.4903416367326,51.4904720092832,51.4907445084389,51.4904459924315,51.4903696929976,51.4899856255527,51.4900420587978,51.4900211975269,51.4899452646818,51.48986430531,51.489747148073,51.4896174115649,51.4895501255911,51.4894384471075,51.489135486035,51.4883611583471,51.488334967566,51.488116764329,51.4880990920858,51.4880167163851,51.4879335137983,51.4878708574039,51.4879335672805,51.4879269046697,51.4878256382927,51.4877982665792,51.4878074067048,51.4878225386707,51.4878135623609,51.4877743492355,51.487711058484,51.4875620013241,51.4875522598373,51.4876338922406,51.4879352159699,51.4875174269574,51.4872817910724,51.4872180268759,51.4870777264581,51.4870259695083,51.4869843841802,51.4869688590547,51.4869629654288,51.4868673571408,51.4868406755124,51.4867344604243,51.4866790704455,51.4866013820453,51.4864703877203,51.4864490118393,51.486386681445,51.4863430549412,51.4862750459475,51.4861024852866,51.4860045108271,51.4859832974115,51.4859660990531,51.4858485125473,51.4857952339814,51.4855163243805,51.4852929677955,51.4852309197358,51.4852127465731,51.4852181528069,51.4851691488878,51.4851634608619,51.4848315942938,51.4846142120895,51.484608796415,51.4843959790376,51.484388703944,51.4843742492844,51.483580683255,51.4835680546458,51.4835674237079,51.4835664676917,51.4834661223153,51.4834573463942,51.4834078739794,51.4833845430569,51.4829191390695,51.4828023411362,51.4827484472654,51.4827458517673,51.4827443078265,51.482644368754,51.4826402532396,51.4824015762662,51.4819652485481,51.4817473116951,51.4814471549195,51.4810554666987,51.4810304484293,51.4810307163935,51.4810314238564,51.4809779839784,51.4809227468311,51.4808381416214,51.4807704192058,51.4805152507934,51.480489295357,51.4804789179515,51.4803816747637,51.4803617191115,51.4803567003132,51.4803081742886,51.4803171698898,51.4803423115018,51.4802730691949,51.4802451877677,51.4802371147626,51.4801616444713,51.4800772449096,51.4799655612014,51.4797918572896,51.4798004944242,51.4798110721445,51.4797861016055,51.4792576805839,51.4792247178705,51.4792074438014,51.4792055509978,51.4786057730448,51.4780085909345,51.4763016858139,51.4738397535641,51.4729331928316,51.4712104019167,51.4706091787045,51.4700801325446,51.4697571933805,51.4697014304485,51.4696139962116,51.4693377549483,51.4692140261987,51.4689546317002,51.4685710145286,51.468344041298,51.4677304241833,51.4675801648506,51.4674637665334,51.4673708415688,51.467365330213,51.4671226148999,51.46679360936,51.4667640128195,51.4666709212205,51.466637849624,51.4666011484,51.4665575653204,51.4664713178647,51.4664098566615,51.4663973846391,51.4663389299528,51.4662296744965,51.4660723961656,51.4658980902507,51.4656266770296,51.4652254512749,51.4651760392043,51.4650265077319,51.464908319919,51.4647312533201,51.4646085476562,51.464406091108,51.4642399274252,51.4639746620975,51.4635230798466,51.4629422623422,51.4626067844501,51.4622047839536,51.4618190915089,51.4613244010996,51.4609301300892,51.460595744263,51.4602811522376,51.4598315148916,51.4594072549623,51.4590953235874,51.4589807547788,51.4581580929665,51.4578981025653,51.4578103965685,51.4576806228286,51.4576806468074,51.4571744326806,51.4571221691886,51.4569630521805,51.4566612660637,51.4565769678035,51.4559313864576,51.4554924364144,51.4551642199099,51.455099860239,51.4550373216904,51.4549903095195,51.4538894256404,51.4531916769694,51.4531185829332,51.4526570605062,51.4524143883425,51.4517071444634,51.4513247659453,51.4512927048738,51.4512291196535,51.4510549660539,51.4509602501209,51.450643384825,51.4501912934271,51.449873048118,51.4499195268178,51.4499608641919,51.4500518019963,51.4500921996286,51.4501307980241,51.4501125912572,51.4500318164937,51.4498488412895,51.4495078806633,51.4488371071651,51.4487636251127,51.4487304649353,51.4487180599982,51.4487096403463,51.4487179364498,51.4487294841004,51.4487537558774,51.4488134325207,51.4489938382406,51.4491941099586,51.4494932702543,51.4499396963705,51.4503387565189,51.4499403236396,51.4495631219982,51.4495076034629,51.4493078645304,51.4489988240971,51.4484276343352,51.4481385709897,51.4477960871165,51.447535881599,51.4473520504179,51.4471931194788,51.4469576468356,51.4464487583206,51.4461837913699,51.4458528194034,51.4455580499574,51.4452623579589,51.4448090038613,51.4445377370796,51.4441534512234,51.443355307235,51.4428681288813,51.4425259681956,51.4420978265509,51.4419724004949,51.4419094281013,51.4418474493104,51.4415337264664,51.4411574808426,51.441008638123,51.4409032578997,51.4408491580606,51.4395401460636,51.438990786865,51.4382090118449,51.4379891493611,51.4379296964659,51.4377670302802,51.4376271190908,51.4375407781874,51.4374955691047,51.4372823846983,51.4372169376025,51.4371743051404,51.4370917560696,51.4370414119577,51.4369873307908,51.4368831630318,51.4367928274665,51.4366785609103,51.4362887027329,51.4359193297079,51.43541128319,51.4350790078811,51.434704306152,51.4346313291308,51.4345309448959,51.434457377584,51.4343919691962,51.4343091097597,51.433922742819,51.4336917392083,51.4334444695799,51.4329998331386,51.4328457740831,51.432682374212,51.4326569302694,51.4325702650183,51.4325313427822,51.4324969607602,51.4324578734375,51.4324475651971,51.4324512085051,51.4324710985307,51.4324836808855,51.4324815059519,51.4324586139495,51.4324119075396,51.4323826066394,51.4323452415,51.432291866135,51.432235605634,51.432186156031,51.4320870439981,51.4313516588395,51.4297490601947,51.4296551978742,51.4295326968186,51.4291796678253,51.4287955180309,51.4285561481659,51.4283722111994,51.4281071845614,51.4276282592912,51.4274493134904,51.4270680768875,51.4265237357112,51.4262089968115,51.4261533277976,51.4261500402996,51.4261427320018,51.4261345014131,51.4261262708059,51.4261162428812,51.4261044176389,51.4260899672875,51.4260746182641,51.4260574719188,51.4260402783158,51.4260212873932,51.4260013978006,51.4259814845719,51.4259719536596,51.425958922605,51.4259459151583,51.4259328840897,51.4259198530142,51.4259058996684,51.4258919699298,51.4258770943083,51.425862242294,51.4258473430486,51.4258315451483,51.4258148485931,51.4257981284213,51.4257804623724,51.4257742898796,51.425755725176,51.4257371604689,51.4257185485373,51.4256990379531,51.4256795037562,51.4256599695571,51.4256394894862,51.4256190094139,51.42559852934,51.4255780020459,51.4249804593358,51.4249795842896,51.4246781517752,51.4231952983085,51.4217108957348,51.4210121723649,51.4207186340177,51.4206091367607,51.4208182819367,51.4208368674811,51.4208498726442,51.4208953706468,51.4209144779208,51.4209871981437,51.4211850029972,51.4215707978361,51.4216928620287,51.4217512473026,51.4218817095502,51.422108889023,51.4221408128698,51.422048212711,51.4219806291575,51.4218594620816,51.4218485092207,51.422333901801,51.423307592975,51.4233674687778,51.4233755284858,51.423325702512,51.4231366518318,51.4230069991578,51.4229986237489,51.4231032437949,51.4234128511613,51.423689349313,51.4241442746833,51.424527900738,51.4247250586757,51.4250082704014,51.425391597638,51.4257278598775,51.4261382285314,51.4265312871155,51.4269570959407,51.4272610046567,51.4273549047939,51.4273676738437,51.4274838633296,51.4276596497162,51.4276884171499,51.4277339068011,51.4277778639078,51.4278260795251,51.4278695436353,51.4279146407323,51.4279595735069,51.4280408816589,51.4281872817401,51.4282987450126,51.4284232355052,51.4284710990119,51.4285011302757,51.4285240427242,51.4285649217199,51.4285783010699,51.4285876331423,51.4287242620282,51.4288651731174,51.4290006714468,51.4290964462825,51.4292478596134,51.4293413985321,51.4294454398531,51.4297073244399,51.4305419732414,51.4318041623016,51.4327836023129,51.4343679295929,51.4351445928934,51.4360981186371,51.436457868583,51.4366697234783,51.4374086713512,51.4378491885237,51.4383126075818,51.4386240216039,51.4387436417222,51.4388192601623,51.4389736234664,51.4391057401892,51.4395984946164,51.440322498223,51.4408369832835,51.4410779211494,51.4414208282636,51.4417739616028,51.441964353945,51.4422566253173,51.4424427576938,51.4426907000246,51.4428182423082,51.4434012018594,51.4443445813597,51.4445218634237,51.4446319203185,51.4447012571748,51.4448815835292,51.4450793582976,51.445209045427,51.4452974176793,51.4454611029744,51.4455454493195,51.4457118198803,51.4462649221739,51.4465083680161,51.4467463982053,51.4477669430884,51.4481361272053,51.4484309890868,51.4487366918479,51.4490824720616,51.4491417477348,51.449204454791,51.4493483909325,51.4494043642998,51.4495367236917,51.4498635879537,51.450000684447,51.4500999672569,51.4501966706075,51.4502379495516,51.4502695763461,51.4502940837651,51.4503096977922,51.4503181691149,51.4503191014799,51.450306610881,51.4503119214777,51.4503569709723,51.450660448433,51.4510183013821,51.4510859571719,51.451158362574,51.4512418547966,51.4513582579496,51.4515670099667,51.4517598421106,51.4517853074248,51.4518570003999,51.451955746333,51.4520560799239,51.4521579778885,51.4522596662065,51.4523647162235,51.4525216690228,51.4526026550121,51.4529208805709,51.4530100708503,51.4530852553517,51.4532155842652,51.453776098121,51.4538671090198,51.4540541266138,51.4541519539034,51.4543915188628,51.454768758596,51.4554020942286,51.4556984115118,51.4560370804857,51.4561553765739,51.4564151459301,51.4568797123064,51.4571631935137,51.4574081714419,51.457604110722,51.4578811624385,51.4583754525244,51.4584572172859,51.4584927661555,51.4586503555875,51.4588627031173,51.4590124484711,51.459169055564,51.4595937222896,51.4600047769236,51.4604318742517,51.460580414515,51.4606588502011,51.4607150768916,51.4608367131138,51.4610336017781,51.4611207425392,51.4619928708741,51.4625535502386,51.4628320175052,51.4632942948095,51.4657338490899,51.4660003736482,51.4660866910871,51.4661578720751,51.4662147683868,51.4663179646841,51.4676131634509,51.4690881834427,51.4697744848178,51.4698216126626,51.4699239094002,51.4701453197711,51.47075182146,51.4709490476284,51.4720150413975,51.4720295368535,51.4721274572327,51.4719056580878,51.4717675974287,51.4717178811781,51.4716029141915,51.4708762394752,51.4707801907646,51.4707412815706,51.4706726835596,51.4706009352195,51.4705284050227,51.4703532474712,51.470200308365,51.469880850578,51.4706924786734,51.471933580318,51.4721886912187,51.4722662666638,51.4726235449547,51.4730561112497,51.4734240782876,51.473991224903,51.4742112746263,51.4742767704482,51.4743456743893,51.4744585425299,51.4747843944652,51.4762766567624,51.4766462285461,51.4767307147164,51.4768727506239,51.4775267518895,51.4783414624043,51.479146961825,51.4798480327598,51.4801193288296,51.4802064107969,51.4802744975379,51.4802947092123,51.4803530291657,51.4803823366114,51.480396134646,51.480415317648,51.4807135162815,51.4807900513685,51.4809028639439,51.4809076275622,51.4814393801073,51.4814585776044,51.4815842034551,51.4818332441989,51.4820945864213,51.4820984071315,51.4821000499927,51.4822032028865,51.4824350428954,51.4826970505754,51.4827802376843,51.4829503455346,51.482965189098,51.4832951623668,51.483521670582,51.4836540119241,51.4840610895701,51.4845308864821,51.4846925905776,51.4848900160455,51.4855048311731,51.4855647607247,51.4856489306401,51.4857438842786,51.4858482654888,51.4861549680086,51.4887693736197,51.4895521465094,51.4900301981615,51.4904610094687,51.490871629915,51.4910511325159,51.4910556025052,51.4911799006381,51.4913204078911,51.4914739004137,51.4916930284119,51.4917800861051,51.4918836689267,51.4919972671453,51.4920137688372,51.4919685610311,51.4919515422729,51.4922482187509,51.4925024720469,51.4927305012599,51.4929302531488,51.4930707490032,51.4933195776455,51.4935081265191,51.4935271611335,51.4936134308592,51.4936954996991,51.4941626120676,51.4949559282866,51.4953721554995,51.4953922799127,51.4954070587184,51.4954229507544,51.4954990063073,51.4955765923826,51.4964474432471,51.496777869821,51.4968436574153,51.4968749944281,51.4983650945218,51.4983759480334,51.498497445846,51.4991060054832,51.5003480906476,51.5004935424916,51.5005342767682,51.5007985308127,51.5015787984448,51.5016658592178,51.5015838717798,51.502010380516,51.5020457220739,51.5021329627974,51.5021630752432,51.5022049864567,51.5022730981663,51.5024138695951,51.5025226847534,51.5022223669249,51.503012524634,51.5033712645254,51.5036403270612,51.5036403503096,51.5040472010799,51.5042543950409,51.5043053161161,51.5044955903041,51.504688405735,51.5048295874517,51.5049820645071,51.5052907607269,51.5052944250877,51.5070639465731,51.5069088859945,51.5070071253768,51.5071148782822,51.5074242854496,51.5074749352899,51.5077586225888,51.5077528268325,51.5077049011519,51.508071009038,51.5084163781536,51.5084407114991]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0324128719994269,-0.0324011930050357,-0.0323600805613596,-0.0322068699510436,-0.0321839766956363,-0.0322892488360697,-0.0322831346486498,-0.0322309785220107,-0.0321274638419434,-0.0320263179933056,-0.031835940068215,-0.0316718154093144,-0.0315368914298684,-0.0310421394644653,-0.030648714436613,-0.0304523471742056,-0.0303350611350461,-0.0301237285556351,-0.0301099539234472,-0.0297737238835819,-0.0294453102649563,-0.0293409908982191,-0.0292989654037186,-0.0292313019537886,-0.0291880366640486,-0.0287887592058619,-0.0288516167379015,-0.0282264158135298,-0.0280132482663547,-0.0274176078712739,-0.02680140076737,-0.0264908374095906,-0.0263546364797734,-0.0260002297961062,-0.0256261803286956,-0.0248613273809012,-0.0249073362793187,-0.0248830622718481,-0.024847351506038,-0.0250298114384544,-0.0252012985450697,-0.0252072082312125,-0.0252222333300948,-0.0252896596555573,-0.0252959876837259,-0.0255780902991585,-0.0257391631772635,-0.0258191377097027,-0.0258829925134019,-0.0259521413551235,-0.026065125192995,-0.0263683764539135,-0.026408704876031,-0.0247198681711953,-0.0231612732011441,-0.0231207626681146,-0.0230709522800102,-0.0225235072038224,-0.020367433745228,-0.0204180309005636,-0.020014681004047,-0.01893472633835,-0.0187277581116582,-0.0185837634113886,-0.0184009114557492,-0.0181613892413801,-0.0178753075987566,-0.0176446281667056,-0.0171165672380599,-0.017203430951347,-0.0173576965874433,-0.0174449434961535,-0.0190744448590582,-0.0191362132560537,-0.0191733218499281,-0.0192052968618931,-0.0192126107242759,-0.0191983034888481,-0.0193448310418022,-0.0192039176203872,-0.0194443225127163,-0.0194006456892708,-0.0194424266659154,-0.0196373616215662,-0.0198289503003351,-0.0198265801757289,-0.0195719834755467,-0.0195362794887329,-0.0194808958265305,-0.0194569768327208,-0.019387637538063,-0.0193059258260858,-0.019307727677778,-0.0193391556751917,-0.0193750161534946,-0.019446930330868,-0.0198087530822587,-0.020023401752829,-0.0206175722646229,-0.0207856669692589,-0.0208216038442861,-0.0208472730447052,-0.0209967371781085,-0.0209571450914412,-0.0209762413554389,-0.0210229510307613,-0.0210924513725121,-0.0211378384807322,-0.0212789000482551,-0.0214011378532069,-0.0214805943272655,-0.0216374849688739,-0.0226509641948077,-0.0226992694844643,-0.0228141138922539,-0.0224139931024425,-0.0221762494738503,-0.0219724185000005,-0.0217239392025612,-0.021513651089622,-0.0213109854590796,-0.0209600245005176,-0.0209223381528101,-0.020843078170602,-0.0208619020084484,-0.0209062388940827,-0.0209647321874472,-0.0210344649904471,-0.0210638281604975,-0.0211020197030454,-0.0211777804449914,-0.0212545523223641,-0.0222433691067956,-0.0223980375992196,-0.0224757028780422,-0.022549751676312,-0.0227636148316941,-0.0227676197216116,-0.0228872093137256,-0.022924581348052,-0.0229185120009982,-0.022930602743089,-0.0228305617640013,-0.0228016975064203,-0.0228032117317224,-0.0228110609181191,-0.0226459705909801,-0.022611624725727,-0.0226178856803715,-0.0226727174694333,-0.0225065002190811,-0.0224494518637997,-0.0223414924383319,-0.0221884975178143,-0.0221015773494973,-0.0220320411399307,-0.0218850350674613,-0.0218708400819512,-0.0217724102481319,-0.0215776859923285,-0.0216450041337629,-0.0214631925262071,-0.0212345577965661,-0.0211411440543859,-0.0210523194822924,-0.0209345222387163,-0.0208366757982465,-0.0207965806887384,-0.0207679581034865,-0.0207507302193234,-0.0207361859703979,-0.0206656414203448,-0.0206476357333677,-0.0206208798986052,-0.0205537956897385,-0.0203275366459883,-0.020225918708385,-0.020118040093999,-0.0200506845156283,-0.0200045632354483,-0.0199900193362078,-0.0199784707969347,-0.0199831003849585,-0.020006124340428,-0.0200417091936856,-0.020082699356708,-0.0201560064956726,-0.020337271259174,-0.0203277442374314,-0.0202997068215299,-0.020245108883995,-0.0201452057193089,-0.0201100119564867,-0.0200519907631574,-0.0199992971242298,-0.0198933651826222,-0.019398625013485,-0.0193454657639608,-0.0193192170123857,-0.0192852692193026,-0.0191530292098378,-0.0191100679879703,-0.019023313293334,-0.0188842872196801,-0.0188275930478736,-0.0189586072085558,-0.0189819011907323,-0.0189452384962977,-0.0187925336277823,-0.0186717157493988,-0.0189375549054781,-0.0190317359990129,-0.0190903790467814,-0.0191999648277918,-0.0192726858662177,-0.0191668449662018,-0.0190209491944155,-0.0190181883492471,-0.019118015368569,-0.0187006171517397,-0.0184734480150634,-0.0182004312568594,-0.0178871660052325,-0.017743910022097,-0.0175090000533323,-0.0172738566324334,-0.0171616366371062,-0.0171617145596378,-0.0171404862053621,-0.017113892372567,-0.0169494210089813,-0.0165589895723336,-0.0164673915729687,-0.0164164173964353,-0.0162696759909685,-0.015904495248643,-0.0158067059916341,-0.0155598011082638,-0.0154562188398468,-0.0153012359785024,-0.0150902208456616,-0.0150267210983691,-0.0146525811787033,-0.0144938801605986,-0.0141080746418663,-0.0134761382658151,-0.0131289768663874,-0.0134740157615136,-0.0137168549262372,-0.0138409606620017,-0.0140467463725236,-0.014097055531342,-0.0144229251895495,-0.0148607368880848,-0.0151845092298001,-0.0147546224738431,-0.0145344323988692,-0.0145286379194005,-0.014540974018883,-0.014542954381867,-0.0142576128314974,-0.0140695227898728,-0.0136714068702524,-0.0133632294773132,-0.0131439398851695,-0.012874016458621,-0.0125188480036505,-0.0116787257134317,-0.0103223650771764,-0.0100780519983922,-0.00907176844761832,-0.00889587213305768,-0.00861442832259595,-0.00814348183745376,-0.0073628232088518,-0.00695462194576492,-0.0066892909669118,-0.00563043913890807,-0.00359806928841247,-0.00234966293810762,-0.00149654280764248,-0.00132439119257437,-0.00119221328402646,-0.000983579930577973,-0.000359103918585913,-5.72091177417772e-06,0.000365675363044042,0.000877977602548187,0.00163626299511446,0.00284280072286571,0.00375903128692758,0.00454478351805742,0.00541158796612332,0.00748967029111151,0.00921879267861346,0.0101483341472055,0.0120888979491085,0.0135636251193125,0.0143568054169076,0.0152510675279308,0.0170401577459715,0.0180411475307085,0.0181236009675934,0.017780554148426,0.01655269249871,0.0161948038577966,0.0160291070992007,0.0149849011726023,0.0149531548802695,0.0149952001724695,0.0150789979367915,0.0152127979152547,0.0153575389168242,0.0155158082572472,0.0158930733111621,0.0161437983572912,0.0161961076235313,0.01619923543711,0.0162055702898254,0.0162912359465811,0.0163474003049262,0.0164638866129073,0.0166055666355097,0.0166942642069184,0.016623143122152,0.0166119991033946,0.0165329810554891,0.0163305361017028,0.0161118753629056,0.0160417996451626,0.0160303292409623,0.0159601472744213,0.0158498258283891,0.0158314260769608,0.0155282055888779,0.0152629590410805,0.014987270318406,0.0145451974714295,0.0143584600792347,0.0140251257173851,0.0137560211204445,0.0135875657065924,0.0134968832890945,0.0134860707662861,0.0134811069376531,0.0129924662823368,0.0126017028123875,0.0128898408072729,0.0130134194464148,0.0130516520300416,0.0130689116435409,0.0130531053976542,0.0129767397394718,0.012779908556884,0.0126928402503471,0.0126668061869458,0.0126911662765738,0.0127648222656352,0.0130126438603261,0.0131414582300586,0.0132453792587668,0.0131535557293509,0.0129743041086662,0.0128374863686502,0.0127463355413571,0.0124830878948223,0.0120895370566521,0.0118085056463625,0.0115965790312327,0.0114594475766966,0.0113027283068729,0.0109134922020406,0.0107539357900061,0.0104848439120941,0.0099432309868878,0.00909709402704866,0.00911630549765582,0.00917418983221989,0.00913883845117989,0.00906781982062198,0.00898747742940513,0.00898806153698301,0.00901771597559405,0.00904892733817172,0.00912088924310533,0.00926910140043509,0.00927983828590255,0.00931015407815597,0.00938039473471476,0.00953272071120016,0.00961781417817812,0.00971959940163961,0.00979562537510848,0.0098250300605555,0.00984393045688609,0.00982325250557565,0.00980468460074726,0.00976486022685449,0.00974710482514453,0.00982377400747538,0.00986709054311743,0.00990348335547574,0.00994738894905061,0.0101138498282211,0.0103110232406768,0.0104429462798172,0.0106451970276788,0.0107961487130392,0.0109988119795505,0.0112336697259957,0.0112567791107986,0.0113753998430628,0.0114149004109835,0.0114815880608892,0.0114853194920965,0.0114838344007282,0.0114846406671676,0.0115161193853953,0.0115189566021966,0.011700380189353,0.0119152174376506,0.0122885014773183,0.012606675681277,0.0129790702089518,0.0131602917250542,0.0135285903706087,0.0140305875374421,0.0141972504425816,0.0143952397915083,0.014813266948828,0.0153161931266923,0.0160243348493662,0.0174796500853742,0.0175138921013844,0.0174728314236796,0.0174522713658778,0.0174285970333727,0.0174381463376,0.0174386733695442,0.0174625778566609,0.0174783832958304,0.0174951119061184,0.0175022598802879,0.0175075614134564,0.0176039931965189,0.0177035936917018,0.0178589239959756,0.0179280859014609,0.0180101007548854,0.0180415555413656,0.0183304580039625,0.0183315791351841,0.0192890581675099,0.019535902459459,0.0196396474093886,0.0197106467340929,0.0197448270234822,0.019871629866504,0.0198383933188618,0.0151227125932826,0.0150091306894085,0.0148759486003468,0.0150637514206382,0.0172939381145907,0.0179854379865448,0.0191655399861637,0.0204671609052182,0.021567308843955,0.0219275696907627,0.0221314061664062,0.0221405684636983,0.0221792733506473,0.0221967552271722,0.0222937948679642,0.022401685921474,0.022459473230041,0.0226786787587816,0.0228201046199282,0.0229423975260055,0.0227510733548376,0.021531872166133,0.0212100167753961,0.0212339533340949,0.021262210849074,0.0212630800944214,0.0214210744168901,0.0214964699149955,0.0214833694398462,0.0205968158023713,0.0210981811751772,0.0214828622706499,0.0215539644313345,0.0220743668893495,0.0227761179473422,0.0232590955257821,0.0236384857392285,0.0241737697743997,0.024417542749757,0.0246729772255999,0.0250043407731246,0.0254161851266832,0.0262178588721715,0.0266622086872959,0.0268524118362081,0.0272811029660926,0.0277674675187697,0.028215959700091,0.0285632791030445,0.0286487508233659,0.0288805232483595,0.028895061308463,0.0293589657507601,0.0293447140860753,0.029082562680076,0.0290857292020384,0.0289701145875287,0.0288830229326472,0.0288209811240588,0.0286989570506903,0.0285768105381999,0.0285709747382141,0.0287253603035975,0.0288758592659112,0.0288658155730716,0.0288175132354836,0.0288137115687,0.0286891461118239,0.0259892667508177,0.0259681250140162,0.0247907927110484,0.0247627739227682,0.0247841914708855,0.0248715353260903,0.0248893029279612,0.0249302235936341,0.0250289265918251,0.0251261425387008,0.025289065878042,0.0252855545026453,0.0252692763734571,0.0253759323379871,0.0255002032435892,0.0257446786673127,0.0262715167467248,0.027240267236245,0.0276530513537157,0.0276904320046544,0.0277013020761757,0.0279927603328785,0.0285265595941309,0.0286424569114584,0.0286739671319808,0.0286778423047687,0.0288677635941254,0.0289682178353281,0.0290238238276773,0.0290656853077351,0.0290334174126242,0.0289164673728985,0.0286035259286359,0.0285843191144886,0.0291078510411454,0.0296074949846847,0.0298973110111908,0.0298618522336126,0.0300536664022301,0.0301676462098827,0.0302734348795226,0.0305018213310958,0.0311183783762219,0.0313576270485079,0.0313815877225655,0.0310468620489694,0.0311475803448244,0.0313502230376774,0.0314300423214811,0.0315315826883282,0.0315876836233227,0.0321589363937722,0.0322184512028003,0.032451709677472,0.033223668960353,0.0337005200065479,0.0346459913393774,0.0372093908890649,0.0376692350104944,0.0376985069935347,0.0376272000074704,0.0375903330991619,0.0375517816807752,0.0375506203491894,0.0375389979636507,0.037487476215557,0.0374855917843755,0.0375178801451013,0.0375041336468682,0.0376031175376159,0.0375217716543695,0.0376125659266775,0.037651933686956,0.0377191304466148,0.0378040032654298,0.0378141819426419,0.0378324639071784,0.0379193804255939,0.0380155610013497,0.0381703362125834,0.0381128745861748,0.0381195021521784,0.0382214280162324,0.0382978383493643,0.0382759028030057,0.0383321889397464,0.0382660244631908,0.0381661191860332,0.0378310665395446,0.0378359366644917,0.0378572085840407,0.0378758951382971,0.0384638027052398,0.0384366211343408,0.0385706241135235,0.0386132138567517,0.0386620452093174,0.0387726444327039,0.0388192576511109,0.0388267915979229,0.038940824529665,0.0389430592641094,0.0390048739784385,0.0390215541788999,0.0390326476038912,0.0390452528951355,0.0390394043901449,0.0390291531087286,0.0390286249719404,0.0388245234833565,0.0386661342604485,0.037468740571851,0.0361858840503281,0.0349606106325834,0.0345659509060554,0.0343368573214963,0.0340010795170758,0.0337641159442592,0.0335174105285639,0.0332408785898943,0.0328943141374968,0.0325064193316352,0.0323354909501194,0.032161527874386,0.0314684921748056,0.0312118704409228,0.0307805648703865,0.030292836411125,0.0300845250433333,0.0299480820546236,0.0295803464274439,0.0291207784222704,0.028442861576643,0.0272141118680528,0.0269094226809871,0.0260611473721894,0.025410480178492,0.0253398517557983,0.0250808553209715,0.0244594163443919,0.0242058492431661,0.0240032617363199,0.0237180724641731,0.0237072241818102,0.0234788995690901,0.0231933812300796,0.0229482071844982,0.0225283984176749,0.0222645407239165,0.021893420468078,0.0216708945217731,0.0215138374506583,0.02153789630673,0.0214732615422903,0.0211352786264757,0.0210424115156016,0.0209126077613298,0.0209054603212984,0.020201778034831,0.019962550159285,0.0196898933676542,0.0194948899248791,0.0187751751175989,0.0185877668453898,0.0183408701139374,0.0181403950001912,0.0178938036433278,0.0176466582308318,0.0174356986561623,0.0172151652161639,0.01688617930797,0.0161274643307071,0.0160480646387274,0.015673641769256,0.0149815791639521,0.0145668416723824,0.0144936526568929,0.0141075195584468,0.0142605307541218,0.0143954657130226,0.0135129944479125,0.0133448100201046,0.0122262522728508,0.0122247754553098,0.0118133668493348,0.0116181906678553,0.0112617445849859,0.0109860832833284,0.010690155791762,0.0101478184499764,0.00996666852483571,0.00892814772175081,0.00866463130115571,0.00807671503571464,0.00784034082937348,0.0075019652847112,0.00734933960365103,0.00697057170793628,0.00684810875120334,0.00678619021061816,0.00672263797097754,0.00687081339667825,0.00673587308223655,0.00629778686167673,0.00612412349137128,0.00605334656401851,0.0060237381913314,0.00600610206132902,0.00595706454156812,0.00590141066650918,0.00584382690797287,0.00572499639029841,0.00561951328562905,0.00550692332338204,0.00522808502474571,0.00551492163842039,0.00537339323172204,0.00532874366718473,0.00546731817006421,0.00567197413270319,0.00555712128808527,0.00513885801554344,0.00349338123709569,0.00321357560321165,0.00172874704541813,0.00107644806722606,0.000848350016075435,0.00059970127641002,0.000517974800413111,0.000135344769499783,-7.72535043581219e-05,-0.000132638610677554,-0.000149074781236962,-0.000164073796473473,-0.000176198512972124,-0.000188362443806418,-0.000199128444448119,-0.000200683253199141,-0.000206980929401871,-0.000211802237780038,-0.000215186401076893,-0.000218570562573864,-0.000220556801626762,-0.000221105898080286,-0.00022161577300308,-0.000223602009347013,-0.000224111883191691,-0.000226098117614899,-0.000226647211349422,-0.000280104203313263,-0.000317522097531414,-0.000316673254148665,-0.000303075186996175,-0.000347171536825333,-0.000511382378503738,-0.00087511629910918,-0.000857688606132475,-0.000754050286261716,-0.000852282423714288,-0.00340404433316055,-0.00342701028198036,-0.0035983209669231,-0.00349268443678728,-0.0032839715353679,-0.00499381369933598,-0.00502043169258844,-0.00502679540562824,-0.00504920152940396,-0.00514740941447626,-0.00515352806150595,-0.00516239309101108,-0.00522552510301155,-0.00541605486599758,-0.00551154523793179,-0.00553417348993563,-0.00599948906912914,-0.00606432490271615,-0.00611148528253901,-0.00628937306500431,-0.00656510118030996,-0.00668184166218089,-0.00670352067256428,-0.0066930663805603,-0.00662734861080137,-0.00758494351224531,-0.00769206710748622,-0.00784704320923972,-0.00817917570236421,-0.00848601819581359,-0.00870493443908131,-0.0089235062276198,-0.00905223849536319,-0.00916431140109092,-0.00924298799351773,-0.0105454783280915,-0.0118455673427784,-0.0127906271891114,-0.0135131039958747,-0.0142626478157712,-0.014265623645696,-0.0142661261081258,-0.0143888549683206,-0.0143778148376895,-0.014558882426197,-0.0143097329792448,-0.0143079843715674,-0.0142748537407086,-0.0141524296786357,-0.0141520636798877,-0.0141526439756859,-0.0144261956227712,-0.0152238988870974,-0.0158463519206092,-0.0164625891955469,-0.0165691275860209,-0.016885518519486,-0.017364764598073,-0.01798721420444,-0.0179818923447398,-0.0178467436345292,-0.0202613569242868,-0.0203064127598768,-0.0203571394520766,-0.0204681862577231,-0.0205407408506594,-0.0205829210961373,-0.0205963986025692,-0.0206953645376397,-0.021040468085866,-0.0210404303829545,-0.0210416379562614,-0.0214604693222782,-0.0214949589289808,-0.0217186913441321,-0.021961301927623,-0.0221855415310758,-0.0217362872125255,-0.0225553267691694,-0.0219723210544819,-0.021634868806244,-0.0214790780177668,-0.0213843841401199,-0.0213086862414058,-0.0212657729116044,-0.021235765894043,-0.0212187156486105,-0.0211928867567797,-0.0210882841774718,-0.0210415186236232,-0.0210120375016239,-0.0209043643281027,-0.0208089262088153,-0.0207776183900128,-0.021039860863006,-0.0210989441864026,-0.0213395123980498,-0.0216066136089766,-0.0216747495587708,-0.0216333034403145,-0.0209596709531652,-0.020947823420995,-0.0213242413967161,-0.0221023398328191,-0.0222394702998152,-0.0222632836274842,-0.0223559650416928,-0.022394847610587,-0.0225521290923487,-0.0226061234297507,-0.0227182797838253,-0.0229332701714606,-0.0231134934696653,-0.0231571607256763,-0.0234611562304867,-0.0237065680605744,-0.0239266466811321,-0.0241882963424865,-0.0244274508227861,-0.0247702118166711,-0.0251154193041914,-0.0254883253849997,-0.0255981967684838,-0.0256657224163553,-0.0257489386675235,-0.0257714716766856,-0.0257777677161764,-0.0257968107813083,-0.0258190295964835,-0.0259998092105653,-0.0260153103614663,-0.026190057998781,-0.0268362928276796,-0.02704091863248,-0.0271793818009266,-0.0274237581042985,-0.027792149600839,-0.0277945214013482,-0.0278108145158527,-0.0278247686970358,-0.0278437373737711,-0.0278952514143081,-0.0284136469733677,-0.0294696492156213,-0.0296447578277428,-0.0297932904078553,-0.0301069488216598,-0.0302419971520229,-0.030299223730078,-0.0304250990839904,-0.0305996460549914,-0.0310216540909445,-0.0319974772108056,-0.0319426299293802,-0.031820069004904,-0.0323672067185549,-0.0329949928468872,-0.033129008417032,-0.0333736359711525,-0.0335872294855256,-0.0335868437162126,-0.0335879053963241,-0.0336624958595362,-0.0342390579987833,-0.03423828671301,-0.0342270854316046,-0.0342617761434418,-0.0344930731175562,-0.034884104207963,-0.0356106900605374,-0.0358740058959027,-0.0361572913661098,-0.0364972137167347,-0.0374854853434149,-0.0377576674561904,-0.0380854931193538,-0.0383105171282071,-0.0384762870922166,-0.0386173564360612,-0.0389634470139138,-0.0395373669816914,-0.0398104854168149,-0.0399208568307573,-0.0403156928569908,-0.040711052672594,-0.0410689325355507,-0.0411925170095151,-0.0413537648927697,-0.041666504134563,-0.0417124843115206,-0.0416077451242995,-0.0428367118290073,-0.0428717459938174,-0.0429426833497207,-0.0430151444152246,-0.0433194520827875,-0.0435546287261228,-0.0437791464945014,-0.0438254873655759,-0.0436908676593157,-0.0444295383322379,-0.0462885645575486,-0.0462658749106993,-0.0460187282843123,-0.046017060778081,-0.04601545089378,-0.0468909123798436,-0.0472419325767653,-0.047241741043834,-0.0472312399008371,-0.0485536993232029,-0.0487470702696256,-0.0491040483774693,-0.0493323745768283,-0.0497690782280753,-0.050007886102902,-0.0503809408367899,-0.050487741249916,-0.0507377565396668,-0.051253626474789,-0.051773808013889,-0.0517621199834054,-0.0517646459829437,-0.051809088811562,-0.0518650701794364,-0.0525310976455855,-0.0547803854929087,-0.0547883737822787,-0.0548914577821198,-0.0551547729307864,-0.0557920870999091,-0.0558077837189372,-0.0558307672430035,-0.05584007792043,-0.0563106681236242,-0.0564150353015394,-0.0564308463070896,-0.0565804465604972,-0.056735605672208,-0.0567887881616055,-0.0570143290737724,-0.0577478118452697,-0.0581251443440975,-0.0581218886629745,-0.0580806694341033,-0.0581302156914097,-0.0584303688563497,-0.0592751691203172,-0.0596039995653801,-0.0598748879621021,-0.0599854825682139,-0.0614231834588862,-0.0614932668573276,-0.0614846649707533,-0.0615741423075231,-0.0614453518547666,-0.0616381038341272,-0.0619776497030189,-0.0621660910337841,-0.0623273736789564,-0.0626034998785364,-0.0626189004951489,-0.0628132520364394,-0.0629215474053196,-0.0634623608938845,-0.0634607272447387,-0.0634894761127175,-0.0644291468267526,-0.0645320409425793,-0.0646043304584145,-0.0646626199149026,-0.0648702459237047,-0.0648746237887169,-0.064876663464033,-0.0650583455324878,-0.0650769184109055,-0.0652878430047069,-0.0655356858600688,-0.0658416674082923,-0.0660625753594492,-0.0667429465854755,-0.0669319654554128,-0.0674694762501272,-0.0679674254375625,-0.0680070300504866,-0.0679346961645666,-0.0679151372821519,-0.0682441250346695,-0.0686631080818064,-0.0686903821134829,-0.0687874549224155,-0.0688424620308989,-0.0688818930275111,-0.0692290702072388,-0.0696066995147906,-0.0702744724686309,-0.0703171045270898,-0.0703440758184399,-0.0703596987512783,-0.0704008555252474,-0.0704434497990537,-0.0704846066217371,-0.0705272009451635,-0.070571308477911,-0.0706140164085906,-0.0706596371667882,-0.0706653492259056,-0.070735331433373,-0.0708054272256118,-0.0708769983738088,-0.0709486452418806,-0.0709830312047965,-0.0710547159494027,-0.0711264385557546,-0.0711982368610636,-0.0713460702667367,-0.0715508354360197,-0.0719270394551334,-0.0722189996135898,-0.0723805270901891,-0.0727887713765035,-0.0730719921751957,-0.07339531086593,-0.0736517114888958,-0.0738127078269287,-0.0738589716913031,-0.0739067108122157,-0.0739356493318978,-0.0739304315367128,-0.0739848055474314,-0.0741661834454931,-0.0743270910245674,-0.0744907513290357,-0.0747957259065647,-0.0749442639811241,-0.0750286000039398,-0.0750933443131952,-0.0750484277439369,-0.0749702924946027,-0.0749277404003203,-0.0748935847951941,-0.0735861144484096,-0.0728617463571724,-0.0727640625003003,-0.072708750902332,-0.0726301338877578,-0.0725401287720243,-0.0724608680115878,-0.0723833852351975,-0.0722159720937809,-0.072076895954484,-0.0716077974293937,-0.0713349797152959,-0.071109946088177,-0.070943213747654,-0.0706953281017729,-0.0703929988493241,-0.0701872584860904,-0.069984203807724,-0.0696223205650059,-0.0695291726021383,-0.0690216225027414,-0.0686022227064905,-0.0677533380073911,-0.0671515942794402,-0.0667087897235701,-0.0661443213587609,-0.0660429882108064,-0.0659740439291495,-0.0659090710461887,-0.0658343327895136,-0.065788088014457,-0.0656068035677339,-0.0654157984326559,-0.0650864342783182,-0.0648003323268073,-0.0646111984679309,-0.0645603266427423,-0.0645306095151149,-0.0644672148151723,-0.0644203253504574,-0.0643649608486772,-0.0642449266097269,-0.064158233708068,-0.0639828077359947,-0.0635507772142596,-0.0634567799006789,-0.0634574445578468,-0.0635436126108102,-0.0637007610365785,-0.063706879797289,-0.0637335529093145,-0.0637522900712987,-0.0638010013280265,-0.0640535720330939,-0.0642800753974963,-0.0646713284288716,-0.0650262115557385,-0.0646117174548366,-0.0642775645117636,-0.0642188239750291,-0.0641657971459002,-0.0640827885853476,-0.0638704192523374,-0.0637336327507449,-0.0636655384775919,-0.0637497776211496,-0.0637133757162424,-0.0636400212637223,-0.0634841308141428,-0.0633651287033546,-0.0632447249422437,-0.0630839318185606,-0.062901464771905,-0.062569075879215,-0.0623432380130388,-0.0622199392777866,-0.0620797547640144,-0.0618269592924329,-0.0613835845986096,-0.0609726891245249,-0.0596776817965176,-0.0590615535876293,-0.0586875234700805,-0.0586189647560479,-0.0581006749022713,-0.0575613259477832,-0.0565434617661607,-0.0554355181402601,-0.0547487777129806,-0.0543312884776401,-0.054081343190032,-0.0540076036051668,-0.0539539465553027,-0.0539083836257832,-0.0537878448152509,-0.0536450073961008,-0.0535797164755799,-0.0534646104341701,-0.0530700256051657,-0.0509546346759246,-0.0499355371056182,-0.0493664416534309,-0.0490866665658559,-0.0487217649753316,-0.04823982944232,-0.0477579714428508,-0.0469414918353515,-0.0465114884891526,-0.0461507881265284,-0.0458752607174564,-0.0454831912892902,-0.0451789282123866,-0.0451964712532178,-0.0451242651737492,-0.0450006504362564,-0.0448740643456642,-0.044507982427779,-0.0438862063115039,-0.0436628148094154,-0.043189696041172,-0.0429893823439384,-0.0424456929522112,-0.041648675879561,-0.0418251477642915,-0.0419620921115342,-0.042100398294264,-0.0427455996056473,-0.0434522878966957,-0.0446323674444298,-0.0449958213687239,-0.0461603938139329,-0.0461032181260617,-0.0460016639346827,-0.0457813978350305,-0.0457799593899552,-0.0457427479421509,-0.0457174095242005,-0.0456156165409278,-0.0453357571257446,-0.0453035114371167,-0.0452426796109231,-0.0451770471803711,-0.04512328496918,-0.045114160617049,-0.0451056298100588,-0.0451290897318183,-0.0451885675392244,-0.0452368684045048,-0.0453463769837235,-0.0454572901389416,-0.0457204031873131,-0.0459991210725144,-0.0462138185378556,-0.0463636462999198,-0.0465867888939191,-0.0467730275416142,-0.0470375690748176,-0.0473305408223251,-0.047561708582314,-0.0477208465331278,-0.0485401979814378,-0.0482061191563365,-0.0486291612404655,-0.0490558122865472,-0.0494067681474365,-0.0496231161817146,-0.0496700958804346,-0.0499050330788112,-0.0502785697874518,-0.0505200295554414,-0.050888481097279,-0.0508222829406686,-0.0506340271449851,-0.0505751755077384,-0.0510002810433363,-0.0513196461773855,-0.0513266102244651,-0.0511282812127266,-0.0508814383165,-0.0509945369054817,-0.0514464025808392,-0.0516843797801224,-0.0520409515551983,-0.0522818735097796,-0.0521513384332843,-0.0517824915579838,-0.0516866166733845,-0.0516871207496379,-0.0518015101368531,-0.0519805548895314,-0.0521738080353587,-0.0527570407700278,-0.0527630744253158,-0.0527475093200252,-0.052699292258052,-0.0543285621615421,-0.0539473204406874,-0.0539530004528852,-0.0540185118811683,-0.0539998270327222,-0.0537080231938356,-0.0536954387962369,-0.0536541243539517,-0.0536213682954407,-0.0535218019155679,-0.053478161993343,-0.0534702478292754,-0.0535203209702636,-0.0535732638472234,-0.0535735169205681,-0.0535734491515254,-0.0534132193428898,-0.0533588755150366,-0.0533568091911449,-0.0533882794933146,-0.0535069649447489,-0.053514345944661,-0.0534894209215155,-0.0534278278993932,-0.0533060675833338,-0.0532686189780241,-0.0532189296970081,-0.0531877733437085,-0.0531566934538587,-0.0531682452106226,-0.0532604296442414,-0.0532507230157803,-0.0531188253693356,-0.0530527536041904,-0.0530175472881381,-0.0529744789124799,-0.0529427089817337,-0.0528114705324193,-0.0528187354491899,-0.0528575566372399,-0.0529597043741035,-0.0529559685457919,-0.0529495533342771,-0.0529786987831155,-0.052921534147532,-0.052922307376246,-0.0528009500090838,-0.0528326824957764,-0.0528902531118909,-0.0529824043813377,-0.0529847470341148,-0.0531180202217174,-0.0530137022762819,-0.0529644218628848,-0.053000006316441,-0.053001215946034,-0.0530409272411823,-0.0530973674088207,-0.0531691418265712,-0.0531958612950243,-0.0532493839686831,-0.0533148653948933,-0.0534231287634101,-0.053551889513163,-0.0535601768769731,-0.0531402049168991,-0.0531812877966295,-0.0530797300699865,-0.0529491940219821,-0.0529464607207172,-0.052940550036634,-0.0529203683954727,-0.0528940235493211,-0.0528567992104907,-0.0528443655520426,-0.0528805558539071,-0.0529017326674303,-0.0529339421701074,-0.0529942347054072,-0.0530305481515667,-0.0531561104779202,-0.0531861076360356,-0.0532545851097408,-0.0533219526531397,-0.0534061718232386,-0.0535154281407876,-0.0535645669101784,-0.0537288209688645,-0.0539775072559336,-0.052889862968115,-0.0526311862879402,-0.052622128758287,-0.0525005444236586,-0.052412862924674,-0.0521749634268724,-0.0521198449866822,-0.0517503026451615,-0.0513084841981151,-0.0511157415114141,-0.0507700434024619,-0.050738069966401,-0.0506442364707914,-0.0504643921379732,-0.0503845004887595,-0.0503089650995889,-0.0503442218803046,-0.0501087651461758,-0.0501695864249432,-0.0519587310682263,-0.051466140834449,-0.0511516775852039,-0.0508174990507022,-0.0503452504160159,-0.0496574634469883,-0.0497130681987174,-0.0493583486646747,-0.0492609454962062,-0.0492201398236527,-0.0475500521624245,-0.0475957693621637,-0.0465674553881514,-0.046566139140508,-0.0465673905348454,-0.0461644328441216,-0.045927271388187,-0.0458317699635167,-0.0455218198795633,-0.0451157873883516,-0.0451354574348735,-0.0447581570706375,-0.0447370694698301,-0.0445765170177732,-0.0445526997878397,-0.0444988076356961,-0.0427407306956685,-0.0423572954926337,-0.0422258811866002,-0.0425080684437328,-0.0403437766702011,-0.0410557121601089,-0.040070409203359,-0.0405633744023205,-0.0405530663800994,-0.0403702577611139,-0.0399662612845775,-0.0399342828212423,-0.0399023043487938,-0.0398703644149626,-0.0398369849229717,-0.0398036825209442,-0.0397718196639302,-0.0397370777003999,-0.0397038523839454,-0.0396879787756461,-0.0396547920072385,-0.0396201656866091,-0.0395870560217481,-0.0395539849119167,-0.0395194742539676,-0.0394864417042225,-0.0394534477140681,-0.0394204537288545,-0.0393860587558628,-0.0393531418971023,-0.0393202250458505,-0.0392873467612856,-0.0392559080346489,-0.0392230683278661,-0.039191668179801,-0.0391745092801416,-0.0391331479947705,-0.0390932648380807,-0.0390519807163834,-0.0390136142743198,-0.0389738468718505,-0.0389355190388399,-0.0388986693406106,-0.0388604186875652,-0.0388236461726279,-0.0387883132275287,-0.0387515793330585,-0.0387177245516686,-0.0387078406025489,-0.0386669424263213,-0.0386275224001525,-0.038589619096696,-0.0385516772583601,-0.0385138126049014,-0.0384788656425555,-0.0384439187181648,-0.0384104113684262,-0.0383867879246394,-0.0382350216555107,-0.0381240378221065,-0.0380915845034432,-0.0380576530949278,-0.0380237217087604,-0.0379897517611017,-0.0379543423060225,-0.0379174161744925,-0.0378833305324785,-0.0378464044396457,-0.0378094011923315,-0.0377709584357728,-0.0377324771084342,-0.0376939186185477,-0.0376538820262686,-0.0376510415653411,-0.0376209658916403,-0.0375908516319976,-0.0375606987846505,-0.0375305459405504,-0.0375003930996977,-0.0374759597680906,-0.0373768641237583,-0.0373150803555925,-0.0352387216093306,-0.0333273155477514,-0.0333040894353065,-0.0332477972770693,-0.0329109223829939,-0.0325503561272178,-0.0325812136090533,-0.0324128719994269],"lat":[51.4930554772886,51.4930256055403,51.4929098096239,51.4929216269544,51.4928511000165,51.4928150973832,51.4927898153313,51.4926963157001,51.4925911629739,51.4924644675162,51.4920682929368,51.4917984559867,51.4916199348892,51.4908994093723,51.4904018030082,51.4901116388238,51.4899585919606,51.4897149376804,51.4897003180062,51.4893466527675,51.4889454567147,51.4888258995792,51.4887649423936,51.4886972594278,51.4886650579109,51.4883040351485,51.4882493372497,51.4877163514429,51.4875491000169,51.4871326123698,51.4867256674518,51.4865792558451,51.4864978278491,51.4862994186785,51.4860889871823,51.4856894207427,51.4855580033332,51.4855530981109,51.4855462016976,51.4852902858554,51.4850215951754,51.4849848247126,51.4846370609899,51.4843432365857,51.4841967624392,51.4834344372386,51.4825729525534,51.4821885129631,51.4820439065834,51.4819434534524,51.4818284506856,51.4815763647436,51.4815095984274,51.4811969907373,51.4807372758365,51.4802419948829,51.4796287528176,51.4796995561231,51.479935651693,51.4802305670413,51.4803658410003,51.4807270907599,51.4807838447023,51.4808164829399,51.4808484643004,51.480858804319,51.4808800472752,51.4807196745003,51.4804094900369,51.4802994495581,51.4802292173669,51.4801767364537,51.4798292825804,51.4797664779963,51.4797077531258,51.4796345532048,51.4795987059804,51.4794635738374,51.4792061602523,51.4791678089759,51.478239327449,51.4782170071794,51.4779839028132,51.4779719079102,51.4780039203859,51.4779256438909,51.4779186459854,51.4779117480183,51.4778937263813,51.4778807325693,51.4776862182667,51.4776110977942,51.4773035779401,51.4772429585052,51.4772129891148,51.4771818302016,51.4771070072995,51.4771385096714,51.4767861363083,51.4766621769485,51.4766304098714,51.4766029658123,51.4764436201424,51.4763934920232,51.4763515486723,51.476303776513,51.476261784621,51.4762445652675,51.4762127737372,51.4762166351696,51.4762107818555,51.4762125299888,51.4759202778108,51.4759687537571,51.4758771664503,51.475805670901,51.4758754007679,51.4759268176267,51.4759783800686,51.4760126010581,51.4760370583439,51.476094083773,51.4760997425358,51.475834918554,51.4757992655097,51.4757397628336,51.4756858947121,51.4756385111605,51.475625517722,51.4756081769338,51.4755878731353,51.4755774783216,51.4755554936892,51.4754420968052,51.4754110330591,51.4753969943923,51.4753799179768,51.4753539066932,51.4753190533318,51.4752540368401,51.4751945826924,51.4750814785875,51.474730874914,51.4745325487956,51.4744642298232,51.4742827096788,51.4742709328183,51.4740994922816,51.4740879073666,51.4739854160754,51.4739664258459,51.474086865074,51.4740859433551,51.4740608808172,51.4740396305789,51.4740159757421,51.4739523452287,51.4739476093838,51.4740259836831,51.4739336702666,51.4738754543728,51.4738175309068,51.4737435293246,51.4737059819094,51.4736622169875,51.4735891862992,51.4735209886262,51.4734825424353,51.4734451891724,51.4734107260726,51.4733475316261,51.47321414797,51.4731976571274,51.4731837163677,51.4731699940073,51.4731742672464,51.4731599615862,51.4731239676255,51.4730832622818,51.4730177359324,51.4729878143928,51.4729219726213,51.4728483106333,51.4727821534518,51.4727252010941,51.4726764334406,51.4726129239062,51.4724172459627,51.4723712223053,51.4722871167327,51.4721845772455,51.4720974595456,51.4720788798193,51.4720554182307,51.472041938561,51.4720275597383,51.4720470804206,51.4720111108249,51.4719854878073,51.47193815222,51.4714673980409,51.471229264717,51.471137871821,51.4711894789254,51.4711021909146,51.4710693331866,51.4710634318896,51.4708793611569,51.4707481850378,51.4706454249907,51.4705249186193,51.4706110414512,51.470586852718,51.4705500355877,51.4705000057589,51.4702509181003,51.4700623039624,51.4700595595005,51.4699488373457,51.4697124701874,51.4696052147567,51.4695259605622,51.4694783990321,51.4694615886538,51.4694333363112,51.4694104751749,51.4693420312184,51.4693402339938,51.4692985084868,51.4692476995163,51.4690560707115,51.4692275218192,51.4690488156892,51.468995795525,51.4688602205361,51.4685491879494,51.4684800876072,51.4683302266473,51.4682619272201,51.468150491798,51.4680363089776,51.4680397302334,51.468233932629,51.4683076831326,51.4684720102783,51.4687670566889,51.4689365317918,51.4693794247605,51.4696560185151,51.4697822205324,51.47005009239,51.4701183899372,51.4706715655967,51.4713992957959,51.4717689822952,51.4718867025509,51.4719171461976,51.4719179473406,51.4721312835193,51.4721520002928,51.4725221638653,51.4726754512087,51.4724924498407,51.4723937040686,51.472370204101,51.4723521404454,51.4723407245745,51.472388529621,51.4725525676514,51.4726077731793,51.4727345729836,51.4727396793531,51.4727546832965,51.4727565752291,51.4726291023214,51.4725789988118,51.4725547040651,51.4724009069535,51.4721181180677,51.4719529698045,51.4718368127487,51.471822187566,51.4718154378181,51.4718118807097,51.471834504541,51.4718482607881,51.4718787948176,51.4719374982933,51.4720234747342,51.4721521489131,51.4722605930177,51.4723487790822,51.4724463648098,51.4726814822513,51.4728721844056,51.4729551709283,51.4731727807558,51.4733408063935,51.4734332956729,51.4735321356391,51.4737423752731,51.4738447534653,51.4738532262227,51.473715246704,51.4734315180969,51.4733486450151,51.4733137248298,51.4730798789139,51.4728169370429,51.4725293457962,51.4722743100708,51.4719123003766,51.4715698864688,51.4712731028039,51.4706200377167,51.4701669879978,51.4700797580085,51.4700527259619,51.470000459056,51.4699513242049,51.4699188836316,51.469850333792,51.4696347686058,51.4694911573873,51.4694456184519,51.4693235086924,51.4691315236536,51.4689812295218,51.4691162841922,51.4691597551886,51.4691608517105,51.4691692527472,51.4692143149399,51.469254199426,51.4693655271978,51.4694564173732,51.4695717668402,51.4697016653756,51.4697444420986,51.4697933340848,51.4698294313139,51.4698296268551,51.4698302850281,51.4698790315707,51.4698971023188,51.4698524361052,51.4698069869445,51.468796650857,51.4684312219233,51.4682857821631,51.4681218177365,51.4679916942546,51.46789228668,51.4677382930022,51.4676246805918,51.4674911355442,51.4673576246169,51.4672646340137,51.4670724305142,51.4669569099401,51.466831924677,51.4668065232346,51.4667574432151,51.466723821331,51.4667136957012,51.4666534671283,51.4664785686338,51.4663413061105,51.4662694035586,51.46622859126,51.4662007047069,51.4661237492643,51.466096809921,51.46606725248,51.4659956046915,51.4658743177687,51.4658200320387,51.4655645452223,51.4653169511792,51.4651095364615,51.4648537206243,51.4647359055847,51.4646571604755,51.4645810865013,51.464449458371,51.4640872081961,51.4640366647657,51.4638419017324,51.4636383608983,51.4632715434283,51.4630128920263,51.4627737384579,51.4625053503099,51.4622899193621,51.4620647764564,51.4617252048107,51.4614008846564,51.4611497702282,51.4608766948244,51.4602953475797,51.4598395713902,51.4595538769964,51.4593408951137,51.4590340856703,51.4586727927243,51.458464596121,51.4580879277794,51.4578542246315,51.4575198145187,51.4571974415388,51.4571664696575,51.4570160538191,51.4569650165821,51.4568775417755,51.4567659674711,51.4566994464974,51.4566850442395,51.4566152598046,51.4566143118435,51.4565500477969,51.4564600302581,51.4563070410091,51.4561774786433,51.4560370923041,51.45596833305,51.4558657849046,51.4557267660853,51.4556870321966,51.4556395655434,51.4555550435905,51.4554699598673,51.4553381795585,51.4550460566671,51.4550391724003,51.4547934770639,51.4547515648695,51.4547043106037,51.4545944344101,51.4545737419582,51.4544303454373,51.4543644261618,51.4542868003872,51.4541877568387,51.4541121262829,51.4538182013657,51.4535961640176,51.45326705249,51.4531381644873,51.4530396306161,51.4530022187224,51.4515898748756,51.4515826613479,51.4516884731948,51.4517049041042,51.4513488011027,51.4511964990698,51.4511230686027,51.4507350933078,51.4507320689043,51.4502269015877,51.450621838483,51.4506043436924,51.4500318726188,51.4495276872893,51.4494123678026,51.4492805352427,51.4491304092039,51.4490134196566,51.4489586449244,51.4487186183882,51.4486654028772,51.4485316418972,51.4484387145837,51.4482571846699,51.4481258270635,51.4480331035658,51.4476525232925,51.447433356524,51.4472046276999,51.4471413827951,51.4467775242446,51.4466913481251,51.4457017284022,51.4452336159651,51.4449925941461,51.4446598340689,51.4444445053303,51.4444411341459,51.4442109171529,51.4434091088538,51.4427352097786,51.4427159979137,51.4425739280149,51.442367575287,51.442192872566,51.4420838051661,51.4419531595513,51.4419012876361,51.4418528108932,51.4417967268615,51.4417383519206,51.4416444602538,51.4416053031556,51.4415786329606,51.4415433414031,51.4415106476479,51.4415325640524,51.4415769132338,51.4415898224362,51.4416244798278,51.4416278253004,51.4417052259568,51.4416434223387,51.4414752989506,51.4413844167849,51.4412758066615,51.4411289329146,51.4409303665114,51.4406770828705,51.4404534774851,51.4401918877838,51.4397467695268,51.4393763586122,51.4392146618982,51.4390338432425,51.4387857074951,51.4387671801312,51.4383651386203,51.4384401443608,51.4382374673338,51.4381570161086,51.437925531003,51.43755801486,51.437211484833,51.4370956699369,51.43682238185,51.4367757381254,51.436100260874,51.4360859330548,51.4360106747369,51.4356895869682,51.4357342020427,51.4359916676318,51.4361920932332,51.4365593343684,51.4365557910987,51.4365551444114,51.4365081937355,51.4364941582412,51.4364291653602,51.4364145694865,51.4364113262479,51.4364013670795,51.4359142662663,51.4354862679219,51.4350527508943,51.4346662343973,51.4343601379936,51.4342209753584,51.4340420395439,51.4340306813198,51.4337671220315,51.4335165639711,51.433368559049,51.4333475904074,51.4332282608157,51.4331381569026,51.43309046102,51.4330172598006,51.4327107126913,51.4325905588634,51.4325793521865,51.4322011597969,51.432104090445,51.4322939240727,51.4323743752923,51.4324904212437,51.4325550963998,51.4323626385755,51.4321152032825,51.4318926328472,51.4322353591993,51.431699206935,51.4320937692609,51.4331535593277,51.4333353141009,51.4333464958547,51.432907986268,51.4327584469718,51.4324740445081,51.4324156113066,51.4323807413263,51.4322251617821,51.4320858056812,51.4317767902885,51.4315971726603,51.4314614586332,51.4313792395248,51.4311888115875,51.4311035945304,51.4309648359021,51.4306090426377,51.4305468151137,51.4304403818119,51.4302275389331,51.4300289234159,51.4294983525346,51.4294678768995,51.4294551716766,51.4292240818346,51.4290015292064,51.4287995719146,51.4280279069584,51.4279957841976,51.4279489603656,51.4277902178521,51.4277703489306,51.4276018130132,51.4276014880842,51.4275912638007,51.4271744689266,51.4266946183903,51.426520315769,51.426518567058,51.4265148445284,51.4262370541759,51.4260831455546,51.4260919530992,51.4260775256762,51.425688858813,51.4255788559502,51.4255049216477,51.425368011153,51.4251396947488,51.4247801594535,51.4246713552581,51.4246749061842,51.4246389923525,51.4235581926697,51.4223655560515,51.4231152584533,51.4233945937295,51.4236126002813,51.4238900121669,51.4240928663185,51.424238334862,51.4243924138981,51.424556699929,51.4247945436662,51.4248649542004,51.4249318199696,51.4253602032857,51.4255094358776,51.4256769827794,51.4258697861882,51.4259732151774,51.4260753989811,51.4264441789031,51.4267533963944,51.4271671110513,51.4280714669773,51.4282404062523,51.4287388875968,51.4289893431191,51.4289536931262,51.4288223770453,51.4285300552674,51.4284238233804,51.4283643724865,51.4282586856601,51.4282085132009,51.428087455374,51.4278765569974,51.4277647818377,51.4276074588229,51.4274960046762,51.4273009687212,51.4271807066544,51.4271096747037,51.4270355186167,51.4270051586246,51.4268437214291,51.4268255387435,51.4268178850125,51.4268189075422,51.4269110755197,51.4269664580368,51.4270466967533,51.427028474372,51.4270507660558,51.4270090300215,51.4269557282584,51.4269438928278,51.4269301532442,51.4269038327436,51.4268499103899,51.4267745696969,51.4266210590106,51.4262474226469,51.4262083208739,51.4261662000026,51.4261628129872,51.4261852306613,51.4261891865694,51.4261751396951,51.4256311428619,51.4252322407148,51.4250855349479,51.4246954385696,51.4241840735835,51.4241831996593,51.4240517735028,51.4237017064076,51.423609802551,51.4234904322841,51.4232697903428,51.4226783742913,51.4224836394991,51.4228440723178,51.4229358194141,51.4230430169017,51.422474225096,51.4217767844122,51.4213792188572,51.4214666412681,51.4214948175641,51.4213618850428,51.4212244840593,51.4211922704553,51.4209355883287,51.4210150314955,51.4207608101625,51.4206882807023,51.4206033558607,51.4204633699585,51.4202960438468,51.4201746942775,51.4200749604503,51.4199232172816,51.4198135117606,51.4197057263279,51.4193157135462,51.4191327476036,51.4190209608667,51.4189866529525,51.4186695333349,51.4185149517084,51.4184539676574,51.4182300097577,51.4174047351337,51.4175839788809,51.4185580917362,51.4182769657082,51.4181585582334,51.4180306090667,51.4179375797874,51.4177714491121,51.4176455810702,51.4175628931714,51.4175487851718,51.417534652645,51.4175204710668,51.4175053908763,51.4174893875489,51.4174867162402,51.417474233783,51.4174626254122,51.4174509925171,51.4174393596218,51.4174268035912,51.4174142230365,51.4174025410928,51.4173899850621,51.4173783031184,51.4173657470875,51.4173531665326,51.4170510212523,51.4165561562395,51.4165426525483,51.4164587874307,51.4163381370163,51.4162662986442,51.4161043387268,51.4160752644509,51.4159125252109,51.4159025103776,51.4156609420237,51.4156289592178,51.4155590360778,51.4153099343589,51.4150500834887,51.4145899960194,51.4146722836564,51.414691276874,51.4147051475113,51.4147616754103,51.4148193334928,51.4149130095284,51.4149824294691,51.4152968234127,51.4154819017732,51.4157880420729,51.416034269665,51.4159985023768,51.4159723263958,51.4159825471479,51.4159917341433,51.415490123219,51.4151901325022,51.4149345591956,51.4146600602521,51.4144991870367,51.4144830227051,51.4144577796887,51.4143932815656,51.4143481368769,51.4142745189461,51.4141757149249,51.4140924705194,51.4139954537611,51.4138726897358,51.4135512842761,51.4135499671814,51.4135776876246,51.4135980304174,51.4136574964084,51.4137879423098,51.4138095335232,51.4138313972419,51.4139202388096,51.4139233066873,51.4149271770143,51.4149343416168,51.414935578788,51.4149397992271,51.4150809798251,51.415100773796,51.4150937184042,51.4150379870792,51.4150107579959,51.4149942117447,51.4149915185815,51.4149914774568,51.4150166728021,51.4150559789016,51.4150792701339,51.4157433496269,51.4159775106965,51.4159998545138,51.4160240926657,51.4160502490005,51.4160352875458,51.4159910361062,51.4159786738578,51.4159515685171,51.4160194469251,51.4160536188529,51.4161588547715,51.416351178008,51.4163184870156,51.4164661485219,51.416609631844,51.4167456103837,51.4172910833127,51.4175414164586,51.4178535189465,51.4181077139722,51.4182849394209,51.4184128366675,51.4186004068961,51.4188280988464,51.4193563674009,51.4194181296608,51.4194833408002,51.4196074733848,51.4196912157813,51.4197410774901,51.4198363811799,51.4199148051292,51.4199403554372,51.4200958626574,51.4201265364973,51.4202511016086,51.4203940996804,51.4204483072553,51.4204754852005,51.4209200451849,51.4209279386128,51.4211708044978,51.4216713473302,51.4217599922039,51.4217747825045,51.4216936130334,51.4216591973581,51.4215809163652,51.4215629425907,51.4216970286467,51.4219479568878,51.4221713199457,51.4222260131455,51.4225144127364,51.4227271836385,51.4228603905061,51.4230302688714,51.4231548036063,51.4232783862438,51.4233786279009,51.4234703424302,51.4235576247378,51.4236262080484,51.4236644802388,51.4236756511356,51.423696440552,51.4237552143031,51.4237403008823,51.4236174472807,51.4236249025838,51.4237087806573,51.4240002368382,51.4240918108617,51.4241498968618,51.4242871031378,51.4244839495586,51.42449568006,51.4245849825678,51.4246283826356,51.4246889533275,51.4246952158283,51.424916166909,51.4253799677005,51.4254557531056,51.4255140052454,51.4256460755392,51.4256834171169,51.4256906738363,51.4257071776971,51.4256957224871,51.4256497558507,51.4255366502451,51.4252731408125,51.4247108340091,51.4246984385344,51.4246837970003,51.4246446795161,51.4246424897793,51.4246595628878,51.4246685491685,51.4247108329224,51.4247156815166,51.4247550296646,51.4247730022327,51.4251010498091,51.4250971352952,51.4250704391858,51.4250086514994,51.4250046452476,51.4250027635138,51.4250048129115,51.4249943213863,51.4249928888484,51.4247168725307,51.4243842334933,51.42413440471,51.4239582236002,51.4239893613677,51.4240697927141,51.4242043937121,51.4242422352167,51.4242512753709,51.4243019425885,51.4243067542249,51.4242461903036,51.4241817096011,51.4240773908649,51.4238613955116,51.4238288906586,51.4236544797949,51.4232370629408,51.4232250581543,51.4233827164919,51.4234037105183,51.4232837923694,51.4231995896605,51.4231628701089,51.4231555501378,51.4229060026376,51.4227528640742,51.4223666061741,51.4226288159702,51.4226228970998,51.4227631560611,51.4228008987327,51.4228127938819,51.4228114489685,51.4228159421469,51.4228598315987,51.4228458883105,51.4228311224843,51.4227912024136,51.4227662262076,51.4227456165386,51.4227109214297,51.422664970054,51.4226226822627,51.4225611938936,51.4225391975768,51.4225172706647,51.4226906361447,51.4229694528966,51.4235816975655,51.4235844266795,51.4236170784278,51.4237272740591,51.4237085219138,51.4234827167581,51.4229385301226,51.4230714054517,51.4230743636621,51.4230072994643,51.4229912670042,51.422985583444,51.4229666310181,51.4229668932235,51.4229666762285,51.4229710475783,51.4229719293879,51.4230125389578,51.4231164226397,51.4231730345994,51.4231819733817,51.4232721169401,51.4232909233397,51.42340380893,51.4236983742824,51.4238135302405,51.4239043450184,51.4239421466542,51.4244686294288,51.4245120544308,51.4245793575563,51.4246743617921,51.4247945325857,51.4248624682405,51.4249966793595,51.4250645428525,51.4251283599391,51.4251976723817,51.4251736466236,51.4252038373469,51.4252281090891,51.4252631252425,51.4253017669325,51.4253022419554,51.4253276564086,51.4250712647166,51.4250625665094,51.4250788166791,51.4251353020606,51.4252019204398,51.4252217380914,51.4252454209891,51.4252484254343,51.4252609002213,51.4252847752488,51.4253284939258,51.4250704513742,51.4253433642397,51.4253977404679,51.4256134371254,51.4258122922423,51.4258282327165,51.4259061761694,51.4259265369744,51.4259706285906,51.4259955190934,51.4259968678042,51.4259121373686,51.425835706443,51.425616934026,51.4257413577069,51.4258941593163,51.4260913051844,51.4261036976342,51.4261122351409,51.4261169887163,51.4261302561166,51.4261435471686,51.42615681454,51.426170105562,51.4261816229381,51.4261922179863,51.4262019616982,51.4262029549991,51.4262148982501,51.4262241455166,51.4262325177544,51.4262390926532,51.4262423564269,51.4262480326134,51.4262528101083,51.4262557902637,51.4262636187036,51.42628587279,51.4263019542553,51.4263031598082,51.4262932267745,51.4262657681786,51.4262353534348,51.4262091942398,51.4262008189755,51.4261692927519,51.426163758187,51.4261573485778,51.4261533277976,51.4262089968115,51.4265237357112,51.4270680768875,51.4274493134904,51.4276282592912,51.4281071845614,51.4283722111994,51.4285561481659,51.4287955180309,51.4291796678253,51.4295326968186,51.4296551978742,51.4297490601947,51.4313516588395,51.4320870439981,51.432186156031,51.432235605634,51.432291866135,51.4323452415,51.4323826066394,51.4324119075396,51.4324586139495,51.4324815059519,51.4324836808855,51.4324710985307,51.4324512085051,51.4324475651971,51.4324578734375,51.4324969607602,51.4325313427822,51.4325702650183,51.4326569302694,51.432682374212,51.4328457740831,51.4329998331386,51.4334444695799,51.4336917392083,51.433922742819,51.4343091097597,51.4343919691962,51.434457377584,51.4345309448959,51.4346313291308,51.434704306152,51.4350790078811,51.43541128319,51.4359193297079,51.4362887027329,51.4366785609103,51.4367928274665,51.4368831630318,51.4369873307908,51.4370414119577,51.4370917560696,51.4371743051404,51.4372169376025,51.4372823846983,51.4374955691047,51.4375407781874,51.4376271190908,51.4377670302802,51.4379296964659,51.4379891493611,51.4382090118449,51.438990786865,51.4395401460636,51.4408491580606,51.4409032578997,51.441008638123,51.4411574808426,51.4415337264664,51.4418474493104,51.4419094281013,51.4419724004949,51.4420978265509,51.4425259681956,51.4428681288813,51.443355307235,51.4441534512234,51.4445377370796,51.4448090038613,51.4452623579589,51.4455580499574,51.4458528194034,51.4461837913699,51.4464487583206,51.4469576468356,51.4471931194788,51.4473520504179,51.447535881599,51.4477960871165,51.4481385709897,51.4484276343352,51.4489988240971,51.4493078645304,51.4495076034629,51.4495631219982,51.4499403236396,51.4503387565189,51.4499396963705,51.4494932702543,51.4491941099586,51.4489938382406,51.4488134325207,51.4487537558774,51.4487294841004,51.4487179364498,51.4487096403463,51.4487180599982,51.4487304649353,51.4487636251127,51.4488371071651,51.4495078806633,51.4498488412895,51.4500318164937,51.4501125912572,51.4501307980241,51.4500921996286,51.4500518019963,51.4499608641919,51.4499195268178,51.449873048118,51.4501912934271,51.450643384825,51.4509602501209,51.4510549660539,51.4512291196535,51.4512927048738,51.4513247659453,51.4517071444634,51.4524143883425,51.4526570605062,51.4531185829332,51.4531916769694,51.4538894256404,51.4549903095195,51.4550373216904,51.455099860239,51.4551642199099,51.4554924364144,51.4559313864576,51.4565769678035,51.4566612660637,51.4569630521805,51.4571221691886,51.4571744326806,51.4576806468074,51.4576806228286,51.4578103965685,51.4578981025653,51.4581580929665,51.4589807547788,51.4590953235874,51.4594072549623,51.4598315148916,51.4602811522376,51.460595744263,51.4609301300892,51.4613244010996,51.4618190915089,51.4622047839536,51.4626067844501,51.4629422623422,51.4635230798466,51.4639746620975,51.4642399274252,51.464406091108,51.4646085476562,51.4647312533201,51.464908319919,51.4650265077319,51.4651760392043,51.4652254512749,51.4656266770296,51.4658980902507,51.4660723961656,51.4662296744965,51.4663389299528,51.4663973846391,51.4664098566615,51.4664713178647,51.4665575653204,51.4666011484,51.466637849624,51.4666709212205,51.4667640128195,51.46679360936,51.4671226148999,51.467365330213,51.4673708415688,51.4674637665334,51.4675801648506,51.4677304241833,51.468344041298,51.4685710145286,51.4689546317002,51.4692140261987,51.4693377549483,51.4696139962116,51.4697014304485,51.4697571933805,51.4700801325446,51.4706091787045,51.4712104019167,51.4729331928316,51.4738397535641,51.4763016858139,51.4780085909345,51.4786057730448,51.4792055509978,51.4792074438014,51.4792247178705,51.4792576805839,51.4797861016055,51.4798110721445,51.4798004944242,51.4797918572896,51.4799655612014,51.4800772449096,51.4801616444713,51.4802371147626,51.4802451877677,51.4802730691949,51.4803423115018,51.4803171698898,51.4803081742886,51.4803567003132,51.4803617191115,51.4803816747637,51.4804789179515,51.480489295357,51.4805152507934,51.4807704192058,51.4808381416214,51.4809227468311,51.4809779839784,51.4810314238564,51.4810307163935,51.4810304484293,51.4810554666987,51.4814471549195,51.4817473116951,51.4819652485481,51.4824015762662,51.4826402532396,51.482644368754,51.4827443078265,51.4827458517673,51.4827484472654,51.4828023411362,51.4829191390695,51.4833845430569,51.4834078739794,51.4834573463942,51.4834661223153,51.4835664676917,51.4835674237079,51.4835680546458,51.483580683255,51.4843742492844,51.484388703944,51.4843959790376,51.484608796415,51.4846142120895,51.4848315942938,51.4851634608619,51.4851691488878,51.4852181528069,51.4852127465731,51.4852309197358,51.4852929677955,51.4855163243805,51.4857952339814,51.4858485125473,51.4859660990531,51.4859832974115,51.4860045108271,51.4861024852866,51.4862750459475,51.4863430549412,51.486386681445,51.4864490118393,51.4864703877203,51.4866013820453,51.4866790704455,51.4867344604243,51.4868406755124,51.4868673571408,51.4869629654288,51.4869688590547,51.4869843841802,51.4870259695083,51.4870777264581,51.4872180268759,51.4872817910724,51.4875174269574,51.4879352159699,51.4876338922406,51.4875522598373,51.4875620013241,51.487711058484,51.4877743492355,51.4878135623609,51.4878225386707,51.4878074067048,51.4877982665792,51.4878256382927,51.4879269046697,51.4879335672805,51.4878708574039,51.4879335137983,51.4880167163851,51.4880990920858,51.488116764329,51.488334967566,51.4883611583471,51.489135486035,51.4894384471075,51.4895501255911,51.4896174115649,51.489747148073,51.48986430531,51.4899452646818,51.4900211975269,51.4900420587978,51.4899856255527,51.4903696929976,51.4904459924315,51.4907445084389,51.4904720092832,51.4903416367326,51.4903663975252,51.4902194625298,51.4901621166045,51.4902351869014,51.4903318340361,51.4903771252066,51.4904418765615,51.4903623896179,51.490142090245,51.4901264055646,51.4901066222792,51.4900215361151,51.4900277250979,51.4900354230128,51.4902406702072,51.4910624200348,51.491827899945,51.4921630484587,51.4927944776531,51.4927997009999,51.492829918978,51.4929454670345,51.4929521266395,51.4929587862356,51.4929645472019,51.4929702840962,51.4929742237391,51.4929781874366,51.4929821029963,51.492984245369,51.492984879274,51.4929861230119,51.4929873426744,51.4929867891516,51.4929853369987,51.4929838607692,51.4929815099766,51.4929782605539,51.4929750111221,51.4929708389915,51.4929657922995,51.4929607455984,51.4929548002674,51.4929488789979,51.4929420350285,51.4929352151213,51.4929322304034,51.4929225461184,51.4929119872709,51.4929005057167,51.4928881736745,51.4928749189256,51.4928616882377,51.492847582992,51.4928325550393,51.4928166525296,51.4928007740849,51.4927839729327,51.4927672199233,51.4927625582822,51.4927420903914,51.4927207479444,51.4926976323226,51.492675415309,51.492651401043,51.4926265363047,51.4926016715564,51.4925768308786,51.4925566518598,51.4924677834784,51.4924020788551,51.4923862483735,51.4923712924183,51.4923563364534,51.4923422790989,51.4923281976485,51.4923158893409,51.4923045278161,51.4922922194864,51.4922817083852,51.492271173184,51.4922615365902,51.4922536972237,51.4922467323746,51.4922457855749,51.4922416852032,51.4922384834437,51.4922361802963,51.4922338771411,51.4922315739782,51.4922302657957,51.4922232116825,51.4922194797959,51.4926334420164,51.4929961782968,51.4930002850896,51.492868947385,51.4929307417494,51.4930074251821,51.4930268274957,51.4930554772886]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.024847351506038,-0.0247916458401446,-0.0246827707809883,-0.0240429658213817,-0.024072526787998,-0.0232078084121742,-0.0226596692843988,-0.022768155257719,-0.0226138015249508,-0.0224485218229255,-0.0211830530716015,-0.0208145270655907,-0.0207194201309767,-0.0205332909246194,-0.020154965605345,-0.0192930225178236,-0.0188186248390441,-0.0187933066106674,-0.0187017566133388,-0.0185966435709677,-0.018528547720457,-0.0184905504241619,-0.0184138529431582,-0.0181898611772911,-0.0179572269469665,-0.0165217248960851,-0.0165096971228778,-0.0164947736271763,-0.0170921768430825,-0.0171165672380599,-0.0176446281667056,-0.0178753075987566,-0.0181613892413801,-0.0184009114557492,-0.0185837634113886,-0.0187277581116582,-0.01893472633835,-0.020014681004047,-0.0204180309005636,-0.020367433745228,-0.0225235072038224,-0.0230709522800102,-0.0231207626681146,-0.0231612732011441,-0.0247198681711953,-0.026408704876031,-0.0263683764539135,-0.026065125192995,-0.0259521413551235,-0.0258829925134019,-0.0258191377097027,-0.0257391631772635,-0.0255780902991585,-0.0252959876837259,-0.0252896596555573,-0.0252222333300948,-0.0252072082312125,-0.0252012985450697,-0.0250298114384544,-0.024847351506038],"lat":[51.4855462016976,51.4855353713823,51.4856216655711,51.4853617882287,51.4853110280903,51.4849565296729,51.4847422541513,51.4845984020772,51.4845373466997,51.4846622554271,51.4841831781414,51.4840456649623,51.4840134844297,51.4839545876999,51.4838438850535,51.4836260930636,51.4835056696948,51.4834252069499,51.4831448865765,51.4826790874567,51.482455817205,51.4823688452231,51.48224434915,51.4819959621599,51.4818805205001,51.4816386224958,51.4813515520084,51.4812307974152,51.4804405519957,51.4804094900369,51.4807196745003,51.4808800472752,51.480858804319,51.4808484643004,51.4808164829399,51.4807838447023,51.4807270907599,51.4803658410003,51.4802305670413,51.479935651693,51.4796995561231,51.4796287528176,51.4802419948829,51.4807372758365,51.4811969907373,51.4815095984274,51.4815763647436,51.4818284506856,51.4819434534524,51.4820439065834,51.4821885129631,51.4825729525534,51.4834344372386,51.4841967624392,51.4843432365857,51.4846370609899,51.4849848247126,51.4850215951754,51.4852902858554,51.4855462016976]}],[{"lng":[0.120210839063794,0.120535195752488,0.120579093805514,0.120599945183753,0.120625283019367,0.120679107375322,0.120694740039723,0.120705885978062,0.120697419493382,0.120746048690354,0.120779857207868,0.120847533715224,0.120823296120283,0.120857234593212,0.120929123054872,0.120945194503935,0.120914818726493,0.120919474313938,0.120926758910676,0.120981909154171,0.120999130679548,0.121023340391345,0.121045113760174,0.12108230054855,0.121085242963796,0.121164256379776,0.121196499462521,0.121187803671872,0.121232952496853,0.121241432091199,0.121278565254984,0.12129277509481,0.121334583851675,0.121429186129841,0.121520028661593,0.121527037680806,0.121532565695302,0.121496524050179,0.121454828637739,0.121444399973609,0.121448405452442,0.121467241426457,0.121514695382324,0.121945582994531,0.121964834567165,0.122022630444328,0.122073667446026,0.12206976096573,0.12207749460213,0.12205957522068,0.122097970168065,0.122134967930548,0.122232488068202,0.122506693240974,0.122638160818283,0.122986301222783,0.123302729721168,0.123458480047215,0.123707187432002,0.123908467913461,0.123973670446323,0.12404031139641,0.124160769862762,0.124053707178173,0.123886009703948,0.123814359269416,0.123676833143492,0.123439689607854,0.12293595012094,0.122610484919471,0.122223101775392,0.121856736880489,0.121765166070597,0.121384262726455,0.121010885272865,0.120730975642973,0.120590186686774,0.120232448803471,0.11987287676805,0.119703496675641,0.119373638927753,0.119146094167634,0.119090307972711,0.118848974943788,0.118454273244254,0.118165186710294,0.117090883419509,0.116818478705091,0.116453328936563,0.116109785231371,0.115664127702929,0.115489649700412,0.115339899502769,0.115079375782391,0.115049226619912,0.115025456483708,0.114632493404747,0.114345791111294,0.114024750754055,0.113801966194355,0.113750096055003,0.113512786919962,0.113224401431189,0.113067425975093,0.113005762355125,0.112842564433307,0.112560111886405,0.112527461917921,0.112238095969965,0.111975654320504,0.111772424923444,0.111665912159774,0.111234172630615,0.110885091207108,0.110816705006406,0.110688523601023,0.11056766020268,0.110371020418035,0.110033270544098,0.109753696109368,0.109380966449677,0.108973699996071,0.108722093602039,0.108477258034187,0.108297862349483,0.108230393045804,0.108225549051734,0.108165850283729,0.107666553914176,0.107663032953234,0.107548552598592,0.10739987092263,0.107336259703693,0.107272845012518,0.1071999583997,0.107160300908914,0.107058565266513,0.106897846973372,0.106378553545527,0.106162519683881,0.10563615601751,0.105191067036444,0.104891409477876,0.104814197830778,0.104688815090061,0.104484162749051,0.10412706713215,0.10385655360053,0.10371182518871,0.103377062936818,0.10329113774285,0.103272184766301,0.103141125997779,0.103087689870177,0.103076220444298,0.1026729002185,0.102550653887326,0.102549132391361,0.1024704159408,0.102001822330211,0.101821636665709,0.101744641391862,0.101697572633691,0.101440307233787,0.101428533773549,0.100946342883228,0.100199332303008,0.0997822367546652,0.099242469436262,0.0987129685711638,0.0982239570174837,0.0981672091877798,0.0980973425456926,0.098021152172999,0.0974816839052389,0.0973339990820972,0.0970854472954147,0.0969098198856806,0.0968037755677581,0.0965604666093416,0.0965489941268588,0.0956643742229166,0.0953544561593771,0.0950079499066577,0.0946471357543765,0.0944717243410657,0.0942104748477014,0.0939977749834047,0.0938462461407493,0.0935898892427722,0.0931710698660699,0.0928398117823828,0.0926912852264601,0.0924812614518774,0.0921386645217177,0.0919725461500374,0.0919361243100631,0.0918609375952971,0.0917445196660517,0.0915419809844576,0.0913983917887201,0.0912641750390205,0.0912982540239249,0.0912790983467388,0.0912205611649724,0.0911962263062111,0.091096664622446,0.0911080109629338,0.0911842666482538,0.0908757177636389,0.0905330943069207,0.0901032059856519,0.0898314151166517,0.0895437165566707,0.0890478655408266,0.0888968424578078,0.0885912217003188,0.0881021893908745,0.0875969644113865,0.0872684102357271,0.0870021317657274,0.0866091764520037,0.08634446953497,0.0860187237199257,0.0857631438080938,0.0854451591405431,0.0851768680424518,0.0851067148034219,0.0847966981088761,0.0845319665945813,0.0843338114818869,0.0839780964666111,0.0835428786416328,0.0832182508012237,0.0822955375219704,0.0822739241544246,0.0822228499088156,0.0821900754578289,0.0822043726760751,0.0822007522179082,0.0821453913144333,0.0821757242330732,0.0821888962667415,0.0824692336961939,0.0825850646018766,0.0826299224936314,0.0826024584766348,0.0825308792278428,0.0824117214597305,0.0823752886473861,0.0823077138211729,0.0822792921487593,0.0822664553158975,0.0822636739125369,0.0822270929245033,0.0822273998880543,0.0822309178242501,0.0822444978979556,0.0822741529328277,0.0823115726026842,0.0824098352623675,0.082479615198324,0.0826558976630203,0.0828782412648532,0.0808251426486015,0.0793887804806208,0.0786371531958185,0.0786676136392659,0.0788266989114075,0.0795014310656099,0.0796115490396952,0.0797525729079855,0.0804211830281581,0.0807800746515855,0.0808673719723593,0.0814197889834283,0.0822058707798601,0.0829959660003919,0.083902270014298,0.0849861360717545,0.0856839400070224,0.0856796389135989,0.0858232309955034,0.0860043476398793,0.0860215058617121,0.0860309679364725,0.0860590541290491,0.0860582112445571,0.0860853592752113,0.0861877505220042,0.0862447234661801,0.0862668917510244,0.0862985623155444,0.0863889584429473,0.0864355223349095,0.0865082719495039,0.0865760091864723,0.0866076851944702,0.0866444168729487,0.0866539592621283,0.0867168596616267,0.0868095895673415,0.0868306190025744,0.0867962589303169,0.0870373838859193,0.0874090366883168,0.0878329421757145,0.0878880236722299,0.0879084279740903,0.0880392726232429,0.088040546714613,0.0880056126334396,0.0879096594158045,0.0877667835342681,0.0875320872070688,0.087352933293845,0.0873550042383662,0.0873548922729248,0.0872811578988201,0.0870676598383883,0.0868974572972798,0.0868115613755424,0.086694559516119,0.0865555339325819,0.086356201202258,0.0862942512879285,0.0863886252204654,0.0865045214115341,0.0866714803489353,0.086804542126169,0.0869242436646005,0.0872191357782013,0.087380133692019,0.0869132753187189,0.0864504887291821,0.0863205476011149,0.0857482301574413,0.0855390483917731,0.0852832464554709,0.0853047376648654,0.0849924919458805,0.0849910131572698,0.0847120086589583,0.084348307451276,0.0836665616835476,0.0832160789251565,0.0830323832649065,0.0828101997090192,0.0829437791268959,0.0829729113777051,0.0830978628480523,0.0829319621712314,0.0828258257808113,0.0829136308654015,0.0832242354585676,0.0844155512812635,0.0841698043660733,0.0832386087834724,0.0829416497219145,0.0827900130014803,0.0825738470214144,0.0818331106091743,0.0817854264133966,0.0816422054709127,0.0813266387704681,0.0808515815794826,0.0804157885196483,0.0804037962685718,0.0804867875569493,0.0802927716160908,0.0800462712451706,0.0800327597669304,0.0801329221946656,0.0801962333762383,0.0801042019859237,0.0799593182824917,0.079943879273427,0.0799376383547231,0.0800293368997341,0.0798115959481747,0.079778536754127,0.0797637918977286,0.0797032114981989,0.0796064426712332,0.0794884751995719,0.0795819242840666,0.0794596216744193,0.0792531335654562,0.0791466787322157,0.0790632781471802,0.0788152215451588,0.0787900050710632,0.0788503174030971,0.0790025811371868,0.0790361478121963,0.0789041805413015,0.0788327922432062,0.0786856027904111,0.0785011980499265,0.0784350841663255,0.0784185353276363,0.0783143992153797,0.0781391543046627,0.0779667761121048,0.0778199407101262,0.0773044975356273,0.0770769153898261,0.0769296796339318,0.0765445810653898,0.0765119331769315,0.075900744159111,0.0750018516421018,0.0749603349479641,0.0754508699436126,0.0756484566833744,0.0760061839382498,0.0764068324366088,0.0764181704089322,0.0765031236388848,0.0758895348515517,0.0762901427230383,0.0763882595470839,0.0759123064369605,0.0756958895849379,0.0756547004172297,0.0760800968019528,0.0758926550256685,0.0756297341906888,0.0754240203454049,0.0750471670340944,0.0749040200392058,0.0748327254594257,0.0747846884461995,0.0746871771616261,0.0746526482065255,0.0753075213554673,0.0753431338495797,0.0751821558650335,0.0748359460905595,0.0743047504068093,0.0740221845694381,0.0733277810155808,0.0730351116448012,0.0734713832642181,0.0722376666424686,0.0719427912518565,0.0716365529546059,0.0712307679327272,0.0702889785436929,0.0701251182140692,0.0699287822978387,0.0685415716593301,0.0669350407273906,0.0664041413537243,0.066579480074338,0.0647145161126396,0.0647789311274714,0.0641941559705603,0.0641969496462451,0.0644371825261669,0.0640039802747278,0.0635291014573582,0.0634801121260759,0.0633882673132626,0.0633421323621068,0.0632640126210142,0.0632022699374979,0.0629405419563423,0.0617082310144487,0.0613374748323811,0.0608999054124307,0.0606444069346704,0.0598363222363081,0.0592540812369125,0.0591524590958592,0.0590057551210682,0.0588317186657736,0.0587310257332847,0.0585965548964487,0.058199719801251,0.0577807544865022,0.0564149309746388,0.0563912623049412,0.0559851594726642,0.0548269843510867,0.0547112545856122,0.0544181312342409,0.0538917633503696,0.0534588313313244,0.0529269829354949,0.0524539675395893,0.0521560841811646,0.0513348610165525,0.0510490442071122,0.0501481814645186,0.0495358646186352,0.0492520801474668,0.0483685823005986,0.0477848748031366,0.0471041325108254,0.0466235971883387,0.0464148257698418,0.0461981896588705,0.0458021706495047,0.0451470361697294,0.0451481160897827,0.0451828652878151,0.044884540687737,0.0443189591987707,0.043586609610488,0.0433115785415414,0.0432252977444449,0.0429434941899969,0.0429124706831435,0.0427122714024609,0.0424980635797078,0.0424671995258729,0.0423133539798637,0.0421846657502397,0.0419535265397539,0.0414012523185587,0.0409463778543616,0.0401170124546915,0.0400769570211335,0.0400985722071283,0.039999408728265,0.0398142181241039,0.0397484776095014,0.0396168798327706,0.0393236886894924,0.0390495885525956,0.0388153439935907,0.0384900733517185,0.0382981628530076,0.0378955349825584,0.037596346490621,0.0369923662600654,0.0369531069000105,0.0368209034508451,0.03677633061329,0.036701680704496,0.0365674818957783,0.0361735465584558,0.0360472929182493,0.0359798328042676,0.0359352581190275,0.0358964350044569,0.0357313177780886,0.0355435529418513,0.0354889534366672,0.0354791279034125,0.0352574536801978,0.0352405184899852,0.0351319174707539,0.0348373474086266,0.0346153903827926,0.034606083878026,0.0345707750609024,0.0343092738514787,0.0342965722150506,0.0341297332176121,0.0340317142705889,0.0339896547333814,0.0339714808265923,0.0339395660153284,0.0338351541883252,0.0336388758874423,0.0335972550041887,0.0335847926796625,0.0334704758564555,0.0333771698692601,0.0331804901884312,0.0330875842295694,0.033068731423883,0.0329711900764951,0.0327037296695771,0.0325265024070205,0.0322852041892154,0.0320945941304276,0.031658453609671,0.0313339863845358,0.0312858536562604,0.0310010565442365,0.0307591983168119,0.0305857181283915,0.0305006792665139,0.0303248497376424,0.0299782881286276,0.0295728833296259,0.0295739373456685,0.0295742597023608,0.029576400316634,0.0293589657507601,0.028895061308463,0.0288805232483595,0.0286487508233659,0.0285632791030445,0.028215959700091,0.0277674675187697,0.0272811029660926,0.0268524118362081,0.0266622086872959,0.0262178588721715,0.0254161851266832,0.0250043407731246,0.0246729772255999,0.024417542749757,0.0241737697743997,0.0236384857392285,0.0232590955257821,0.0227761179473422,0.0220743668893495,0.0215539644313345,0.0214828622706499,0.0210981811751772,0.0205968158023713,0.0214833694398462,0.0214964699149955,0.0214210744168901,0.0212630800944214,0.021262210849074,0.0212339533340949,0.0212100167753961,0.021531872166133,0.0227510733548376,0.0229423975260055,0.0228201046199282,0.0226786787587816,0.022459473230041,0.022401685921474,0.0222937948679642,0.0221967552271722,0.0221792733506473,0.0221405684636983,0.0221314061664062,0.0219275696907627,0.021567308843955,0.0204671609052182,0.0191655399861637,0.0179854379865448,0.0172939381145907,0.0150637514206382,0.0148759486003468,0.0150091306894085,0.0151227125932826,0.0198383933188618,0.019871629866504,0.0197448270234822,0.0197106467340929,0.0196396474093886,0.019535902459459,0.0192890581675099,0.0183315791351841,0.0183304580039625,0.0180415555413656,0.0180101007548854,0.0179280859014609,0.0178589239959756,0.0177035936917018,0.0176039931965189,0.0175075614134564,0.0175022598802879,0.0174951119061184,0.0174783832958304,0.0174625778566609,0.0174386733695442,0.0174381463376,0.0174285970333727,0.0174522713658778,0.0174728314236796,0.0175138921013844,0.0174796500853742,0.0160243348493662,0.0153161931266923,0.014813266948828,0.0143952397915083,0.0141972504425816,0.0140305875374421,0.0135285903706087,0.0131602917250542,0.0129790702089518,0.012606675681277,0.0122885014773183,0.0119152174376506,0.011700380189353,0.0115189566021966,0.0115161193853953,0.0114846406671676,0.0114838344007282,0.0114853194920965,0.0114815880608892,0.0114149004109835,0.0113753998430628,0.0112567791107986,0.0112336697259957,0.0109988119795505,0.0107961487130392,0.0106451970276788,0.0104429462798172,0.0103110232406768,0.0101138498282211,0.00994738894905061,0.00990348335547574,0.00986709054311743,0.00982377400747538,0.00974710482514453,0.00976486022685449,0.00980468460074726,0.00982325250557565,0.00984393045688609,0.0098250300605555,0.00979562537510848,0.00971959940163961,0.00961781417817812,0.00953272071120016,0.00938039473471476,0.00931015407815597,0.00927983828590255,0.00926910140043509,0.00912088924310533,0.00904892733817172,0.00901771597559405,0.00898806153698301,0.00898747742940513,0.00906781982062198,0.00913883845117989,0.00917418983221989,0.00911630549765582,0.00909709402704866,0.0099432309868878,0.0104848439120941,0.0107539357900061,0.0109134922020406,0.0113027283068729,0.0114594475766966,0.0115965790312327,0.0118085056463625,0.0120895370566521,0.0124830878948223,0.0127463355413571,0.0128374863686502,0.0129743041086662,0.0131535557293509,0.0132453792587668,0.0131414582300586,0.0130126438603261,0.0127648222656352,0.0126911662765738,0.0126668061869458,0.0126928402503471,0.012779908556884,0.0129767397394718,0.0130531053976542,0.0130689116435409,0.0130516520300416,0.0130134194464148,0.0128898408072729,0.0126017028123875,0.0129924662823368,0.0134811069376531,0.0134860707662861,0.0134968832890945,0.0135875657065924,0.0137560211204445,0.0140251257173851,0.0143584600792347,0.0145451974714295,0.014987270318406,0.0152629590410805,0.0155282055888779,0.0158314260769608,0.0158498258283891,0.0159601472744213,0.0160303292409623,0.0160417996451626,0.0161118753629056,0.0163305361017028,0.0165329810554891,0.0166119991033946,0.016623143122152,0.0166942642069184,0.0166055666355097,0.0164638866129073,0.0163474003049262,0.0162912359465811,0.0162055702898254,0.01619923543711,0.0161961076235313,0.0161437983572912,0.0158930733111621,0.0155158082572472,0.0153575389168242,0.0152127979152547,0.0150789979367915,0.0149952001724695,0.0149531548802695,0.0149849011726023,0.0160291070992007,0.0161948038577966,0.01655269249871,0.017780554148426,0.0181236009675934,0.0180411475307085,0.0170401577459715,0.0152510675279308,0.0143568054169076,0.0135636251193125,0.0120888979491085,0.0101483341472055,0.00921879267861346,0.00748967029111151,0.00541158796612332,0.00454478351805742,0.00375903128692758,0.00284280072286571,0.00163626299511446,0.000877977602548187,0.000365675363044042,-5.72091177417772e-06,-0.000359103918585913,-0.000983579930577973,-0.00119221328402646,-0.00132439119257437,-0.00149654280764248,-0.00234966293810762,-0.00359806928841247,-0.00563043913890807,-0.0066892909669118,-0.00695462194576492,-0.0073628232088518,-0.00814348183745376,-0.00861442832259595,-0.00889587213305768,-0.00907176844761832,-0.0100780519983922,-0.0103223650771764,-0.0116787257134317,-0.0125188480036505,-0.012874016458621,-0.0131439398851695,-0.0133632294773132,-0.0136714068702524,-0.0140695227898728,-0.0142576128314974,-0.014542954381867,-0.014540974018883,-0.0145286379194005,-0.0145344323988692,-0.0147546224738431,-0.0151845092298001,-0.0148607368880848,-0.0144229251895495,-0.014097055531342,-0.0140467463725236,-0.0138409606620017,-0.0137168549262372,-0.0134740157615136,-0.0131289768663874,-0.0134761382658151,-0.0141080746418663,-0.0144938801605986,-0.0146525811787033,-0.0150267210983691,-0.0150902208456616,-0.0153012359785024,-0.0154562188398468,-0.0155598011082638,-0.0158067059916341,-0.015904495248643,-0.0162696759909685,-0.0164164173964353,-0.0164673915729687,-0.0165589895723336,-0.0169494210089813,-0.017113892372567,-0.0171404862053621,-0.0171617145596378,-0.0171616366371062,-0.0172738566324334,-0.0175090000533323,-0.017743910022097,-0.0178871660052325,-0.0182004312568594,-0.0184734480150634,-0.0187006171517397,-0.019118015368569,-0.0190181883492471,-0.0190209491944155,-0.0191668449662018,-0.0192726858662177,-0.0191999648277918,-0.0190903790467814,-0.0190317359990129,-0.0189375549054781,-0.0186717157493988,-0.0187925336277823,-0.0189452384962977,-0.0189819011907323,-0.0189586072085558,-0.0188275930478736,-0.0188842872196801,-0.019023313293334,-0.0191100679879703,-0.0191530292098378,-0.0192852692193026,-0.0193192170123857,-0.0193454657639608,-0.019398625013485,-0.0198933651826222,-0.0199992971242298,-0.0200519907631574,-0.0201100119564867,-0.0201452057193089,-0.020245108883995,-0.0202997068215299,-0.0203277442374314,-0.020337271259174,-0.0201560064956726,-0.020082699356708,-0.0200417091936856,-0.020006124340428,-0.0199831003849585,-0.0199784707969347,-0.0199900193362078,-0.0200045632354483,-0.0200506845156283,-0.020118040093999,-0.020225918708385,-0.0203275366459883,-0.0205537956897385,-0.0206208798986052,-0.0206476357333677,-0.0206656414203448,-0.0207361859703979,-0.0207507302193234,-0.0207679581034865,-0.0207965806887384,-0.0208366757982465,-0.0209345222387163,-0.0210523194822924,-0.0211411440543859,-0.0212345577965661,-0.0214631925262071,-0.0216450041337629,-0.0215776859923285,-0.0217724102481319,-0.0218708400819512,-0.0218850350674613,-0.0220320411399307,-0.0221015773494973,-0.0221884975178143,-0.0223414924383319,-0.0224494518637997,-0.0225065002190811,-0.0226727174694333,-0.0226178856803715,-0.022611624725727,-0.0226459705909801,-0.0228110609181191,-0.0228032117317224,-0.0228016975064203,-0.0228305617640013,-0.022930602743089,-0.0229185120009982,-0.022924581348052,-0.0228872093137256,-0.0227676197216116,-0.0227749688787221,-0.0227504661934768,-0.0227130527452383,-0.0223809207760709,-0.0222394725685756,-0.0220131242977169,-0.0212891261838906,-0.0211540565637645,-0.0211495840714138,-0.0210329879614025,-0.0207563138045827,-0.0204736087976666,-0.0203914296575945,-0.020300926950449,-0.0205236987927726,-0.0206385807642866,-0.0206468627667054,-0.0206400170486285,-0.020524155769192,-0.0203898591822725,-0.019974287964492,-0.0199140036414155,-0.0198688100492998,-0.019768777725656,-0.0196867142657757,-0.0196321090897143,-0.0195938781504182,-0.0195926337441375,-0.0197110263367993,-0.0195547980177443,-0.0190903297528063,-0.0190326891235052,-0.0190011067237284,-0.0189696005338532,-0.018841983529141,-0.0189751295225382,-0.0189954158531304,-0.0189807104337895,-0.0186625908044815,-0.0183724941840758,-0.018267441787958,-0.0178685130162894,-0.0178388735902666,-0.0177827456368611,-0.0176624782507458,-0.017118126739224,-0.0170138833063454,-0.0168866494810568,-0.0159187975734735,-0.0158210317347485,-0.015773223217205,-0.0157453289231841,-0.0156815908601201,-0.0151098142508487,-0.0150255480913524,-0.0150310316524252,-0.0150986684073265,-0.0157135833326791,-0.0160205459378535,-0.0170178387926761,-0.0172876213184715,-0.0178644868055685,-0.017928858783496,-0.0179592354551085,-0.017988560150948,-0.0180291551306703,-0.0180496403316822,-0.0180404960833716,-0.0179853332348957,-0.0179570138857309,-0.0178848164009126,-0.0178438946471457,-0.0177756275934913,-0.0170153662156267,-0.0163328621949515,-0.0163328695188172,-0.0163290027918581,-0.0158034985404782,-0.0156531265099654,-0.0154725618822801,-0.0154579832823194,-0.0153121939435793,-0.0152761437022928,-0.0152660212927291,-0.0146033611408868,-0.0145807531306443,-0.013930733766661,-0.0139482265761575,-0.0135715824750778,-0.013290975255892,-0.0124355369920895,-0.0122826289909726,-0.0121887676775849,-0.0121675502294831,-0.0119125289920188,-0.0116647816296451,-0.0116165590124303,-0.0111748229654621,-0.0111125606455104,-0.0109762188617816,-0.0109630313245657,-0.0110336565729427,-0.0104705142371793,-0.0100483052285882,-0.00993538070139555,-0.00992679027651739,-0.00991460300935174,-0.0088080068682595,-0.00850384909258745,-0.00842989846638376,-0.00836134327580563,-0.00833035535039945,-0.00737304101255028,-0.00726654795860631,-0.00514496628876318,-0.00501251912825157,-0.00470751712778541,-0.00462941703452546,-0.00445765991276881,-0.00365755264861427,-0.00360131653623169,-0.00346903515307675,-0.00336512027389258,-0.00324963869374446,-0.00333293276812654,-0.00204513494517886,-0.00223955121998924,-0.00231048077679785,-0.00168789374580301,-0.00158048557465393,-0.00181849911481557,-0.001695587645979,-0.00133267977854434,-0.00130925332628308,-0.00127176275505146,-0.00121863617750929,-0.00118567454329512,-0.000688574985153877,-0.000583849843104855,-0.000104268833817465,0.000131464775560654,0.000700232465440033,0.000822939829899265,0.000899651048248843,0.00102105443086434,0.00109153677881122,0.00126840310338945,0.00143730082004141,0.00128841126782214,0.0016388442393571,0.00195529241724721,0.00196284355025195,0.00199093440011463,0.00182441691080302,0.00203918059924579,0.00218355280186137,0.00244706115326641,0.00235716527351077,0.00235894466761597,0.00249255396552685,0.00238859829635969,0.00239356417383541,0.00240996703908247,0.00260715323040487,0.00262605923341839,0.00251520664184334,0.00243449931016312,0.00234144816202575,0.00233640296273437,0.00236354344700516,0.00195482715775804,0.001845150240642,0.00175314554250088,0.00171172590954036,0.00157140032035147,0.00167537883265178,0.00151343653606563,0.00155819747274376,0.0014699239123125,0.00139707468925767,0.00127063026769642,0.000967928080016299,0.000954398236342215,0.000938736949729107,0.000934631491372786,0.000939163409950995,0.000969191117161051,0.00108939384840025,0.00113892954474247,0.00118010334985102,0.00121731269974959,0.00124219568612598,0.00119238292405799,0.00114804201984014,0.00114091672522932,0.000862139356073734,-0.000286050782581293,-0.00103917520923243,-0.00106541219074096,-0.0010896834789081,-0.00147294871334493,-0.00114879937309095,-0.00169109200336836,-0.00149060699891602,-0.00166063868232139,-0.00184879284846646,-0.00195887848580534,-0.00210951783759476,-0.00215138394901729,-0.00219535444403992,-0.00219970935487013,-0.00226710215566077,-0.00231394371686314,-0.00230287258023803,-0.00187299277868663,-0.00187282678707914,-0.00185997778618934,-0.00186646921915536,-0.00198436054670062,-0.00192188026592663,-0.00185047548039997,-0.00158448085328703,-0.00154167486647773,-0.00154128172592874,-0.00201548380687731,-0.00202073206974742,-0.00203110660076034,-0.00182275833026525,-0.00170144959568286,-0.0016113101388578,-0.00147799950299246,-0.00132468746003322,-0.00105850055331625,-0.000622204676391358,-0.000374942700620381,-0.000205109483216287,0.000147203084733445,0.000331082945487333,0.000825295056186578,0.00147987278617256,0.00189616941731028,0.00214968574959048,0.00271575482967919,0.00329723318902195,0.00351818750929637,0.00411061454869211,0.00490596312558323,0.00514584970115337,0.00545611017166666,0.00590895046045617,0.00641726463277756,0.00672299309000623,0.00813954645980096,0.00826320568362556,0.00848063848349803,0.00893397824746646,0.0108013098182627,0.0114875601073451,0.0118110423299182,0.0123774394778541,0.0124404037296703,0.0127374181976271,0.0129846218810786,0.0133238569412169,0.0137228947991881,0.0137744584076932,0.0137937419902824,0.0138776673248973,0.0139004774322093,0.0139360857299147,0.0143826099644213,0.0145364905201335,0.0146319671852161,0.0148165143177932,0.0150140696385805,0.0153896190251578,0.0153910586251619,0.0157075698676796,0.0156588862993641,0.0156998812952328,0.015743914026678,0.0158219569358087,0.0168760486292446,0.0169639026695678,0.0171800210211724,0.0172849343682769,0.0173288867140248,0.0174644162754736,0.0175171757868927,0.0177306909022589,0.017842800720655,0.0179413876558518,0.018018099700234,0.0184624916629765,0.0191984557690297,0.0192582023970136,0.0199253117593056,0.0203234813247376,0.020792753098933,0.021702906847766,0.0215768595552318,0.0219800630015685,0.022040889046824,0.022303871283009,0.0227844057129624,0.0237320515348072,0.023800698106302,0.0243793199939858,0.0249954353205619,0.0252635845514517,0.0252862073102404,0.0260571936485738,0.0274592947567724,0.0277559909180227,0.02831091974519,0.0283435205319193,0.028719549939457,0.0287069836159872,0.0289946420186088,0.0290190769637275,0.0290312345674267,0.0294064646394551,0.0294842865569786,0.0299020211821878,0.0300077824527963,0.0313918291319042,0.0316844115568642,0.0318805069935344,0.032078721371319,0.0326919989874211,0.0331213786242954,0.0335580771150853,0.0345229699430929,0.0347327835068556,0.0350669592981871,0.035305966058237,0.0355352953263593,0.0357677825117211,0.0361754094290969,0.0364622408902623,0.036631946647717,0.036876711397841,0.0369020649384924,0.0369929644960886,0.0371627163451461,0.0374892162150919,0.0379889866254123,0.0392968849454516,0.0398322527330741,0.0402481741619404,0.0412701394677739,0.0416008760455381,0.0419300925223837,0.0426351461737147,0.0435525756419818,0.0457151140207589,0.0479896115500076,0.0491620988295476,0.0497044696765225,0.0504111475747402,0.0504470148982683,0.0523690568479223,0.0537777969231434,0.0555781436884326,0.0556137518504418,0.0558509885372075,0.0559377797440143,0.0561766581953082,0.0562266204857789,0.0565234431143415,0.0566114721587632,0.0577076926598475,0.0577444146020929,0.0577573409011105,0.057778852439565,0.0580282498931889,0.0580158923270898,0.0580905620728404,0.058831441989172,0.058920748435193,0.0589394214689624,0.059121568117223,0.0590914668510601,0.0591651431905638,0.0609079404150991,0.062356818888745,0.0624706602443332,0.0629876885102494,0.0631218874734017,0.0638744315999206,0.0640447531107285,0.0640562285747756,0.0641319354307467,0.0641104741503033,0.0648580100186785,0.0650908863421621,0.0679299621466583,0.0688011644219457,0.06914160797684,0.0703267627277179,0.0727544155670998,0.0749082949455116,0.0759258128024582,0.0760954863583723,0.0762073725471526,0.0764056614333905,0.0766970000522161,0.0765892195930007,0.0771804707876382,0.0776297609849954,0.0789798938691804,0.080764739754199,0.082201850365369,0.0823486636044094,0.0824037729834111,0.082457524752191,0.0823450107484621,0.0831642996240154,0.0837338564888071,0.0837352961638998,0.0840321172577857,0.0840984198432118,0.0844169950261861,0.0860017715071749,0.0864041113911451,0.0866308309669743,0.0867602021127847,0.0868026591718773,0.0867626417585746,0.0868682784430989,0.0870465003359638,0.0871346086788119,0.0872312327680196,0.0874586283099416,0.0875906704401921,0.0876187609534666,0.0876903601955624,0.0878318232767808,0.0878342899967148,0.0878829698364063,0.0879268979108319,0.0881522456125316,0.0884377337485822,0.0892565273639715,0.0909517384841496,0.091450897225535,0.0917855420336765,0.0918906178883521,0.0919226690904191,0.0920247011391027,0.0922423386097601,0.092761582638802,0.0931020673766393,0.0941579525186863,0.0945902968870633,0.0957854722732152,0.0967640004354769,0.0973170356728499,0.098571375386997,0.099324274566646,0.1002439202528,0.101121587630557,0.102479161956446,0.103555860297996,0.104475073056696,0.104683698969051,0.105742128042735,0.105791852620137,0.106878156388185,0.106904138883062,0.107665599377936,0.1088902903657,0.110037934588725,0.111516149293187,0.113488367036777,0.114320866294536,0.115902535735371,0.117268725159387,0.119095735835714,0.120210839063794],"lat":[51.5114446653239,51.5110431162127,51.5100953773978,51.5097685605737,51.5094452597312,51.5089595727417,51.5087065914421,51.5084500941348,51.5078333388503,51.5070186078832,51.5066295059676,51.5060698268873,51.5049272756032,51.5037962619441,51.5030791316579,51.502432255693,51.5019642780314,51.5016611350364,51.5013525487705,51.5007715128484,51.4997460170658,51.4988399995761,51.4973539873166,51.496293057721,51.4962012774246,51.4952034402355,51.4936947555716,51.4932902344571,51.4925870757369,51.491342311064,51.491087141422,51.4905554064605,51.4897803649435,51.4889944759802,51.4887482265165,51.4886509767999,51.4885528545926,51.4880247264865,51.4878402279586,51.4877396965967,51.487639803356,51.4875180589076,51.4873301487449,51.4861245019658,51.4860737935078,51.4858605158833,51.4855637269,51.4844558764702,51.4835987162086,51.4827474158645,51.4824265747742,51.4822307598377,51.4818494955343,51.4812411101405,51.4808466408147,51.4799698271723,51.4790926873301,51.478694179943,51.4780646701293,51.4774683932415,51.4772909515877,51.4771134838295,51.47682352925,51.4768128789548,51.4769849831969,51.4770546270662,51.4771632342748,51.477328502187,51.4775831303855,51.4777383050996,51.477893700429,51.4780675991006,51.4781115228602,51.4782515102121,51.4783985544549,51.4785115324723,51.4785500505675,51.4785996863865,51.4786097856347,51.4786218410044,51.4786826608498,51.4787137525851,51.4787219552111,51.4787973606492,51.478919601995,51.4786793198591,51.4777787536182,51.4774941019155,51.4771346845025,51.4768063510371,51.4763251819881,51.4761646602196,51.476040562799,51.4757943620883,51.475765229531,51.4757494711904,51.4755353351523,51.4753768358497,51.475191976434,51.4749208116669,51.4748578975067,51.4745528211671,51.4742019021075,51.4739835069379,51.4738955889353,51.4737294642612,51.4734755596574,51.4734545651079,51.4732691301219,51.4730742165316,51.4731947847727,51.4732893298823,51.4735444094652,51.4737809127128,51.4738280076281,51.4739211433797,51.4740168451036,51.4741867529757,51.474512978271,51.4747581191739,51.4750130290711,51.4752685590252,51.4754646328045,51.4757451171486,51.4760082370204,51.4761065731862,51.4761264445848,51.4761122302263,51.4759962066386,51.4759198306289,51.4758418521912,51.4757716827139,51.4757350561149,51.4756714473706,51.4755585481093,51.475479224439,51.4753965200355,51.4753463505484,51.4751398530238,51.4750142370573,51.475467039801,51.4752457150025,51.4755244782652,51.4755051809183,51.4753779347412,51.4752179385284,51.4750310016012,51.474847905617,51.4747695669945,51.4745984142023,51.4745774736225,51.4745724179306,51.4745720712207,51.4746000083703,51.474601113401,51.4748178811947,51.474883922892,51.4748821516076,51.4749240311252,51.4744728987721,51.4744689349646,51.4744856031491,51.4744954398031,51.4746942970927,51.4748141130749,51.4749756335662,51.4752345226602,51.4753085408035,51.4754081354458,51.4754490902862,51.4754623395538,51.4753554409751,51.4752137050342,51.475122442168,51.4746635674791,51.4745205254354,51.4741562648601,51.4740946577439,51.4738861217465,51.4732591751175,51.4732288045935,51.4732500166068,51.4732744410953,51.4732860293212,51.4732681957637,51.4732740275168,51.4732292338581,51.4731754789135,51.473136818214,51.4730730508226,51.4729519315589,51.4727303264595,51.4726313586238,51.4725415818032,51.4724496740898,51.4723752999671,51.4723345827901,51.4723278308176,51.4722696559595,51.4721860389138,51.4721004706422,51.4720623970839,51.4720204220949,51.4719793967164,51.4719588580727,51.471899040093,51.4718315710818,51.4717962966092,51.4717319865226,51.4715342515527,51.4713155405754,51.4710462259301,51.4708649193145,51.4707135719934,51.470418450669,51.4703905660379,51.4703195720454,51.4702050814224,51.4700827835585,51.4700139930801,51.4699530859149,51.4697982094902,51.4696770208378,51.4695434284516,51.4694328675063,51.4690905015664,51.4687958122495,51.4687098294591,51.4687315300998,51.4683252648114,51.4680212329229,51.4675455405588,51.4669363675341,51.4664790053463,51.4666410824583,51.4666090921353,51.4665308623188,51.4664118396733,51.466061764255,51.4656976185173,51.4651140671274,51.4647367283035,51.4646465659264,51.4641316921527,51.4638931226801,51.4636135476036,51.4632633145837,51.4629876065761,51.4626470959343,51.4625425268254,51.4621966033394,51.4619201285395,51.4616065062255,51.4615454042752,51.4611845416114,51.4610964062588,51.460983933183,51.460902756341,51.4607952147018,51.4607001251143,51.4605185226528,51.4603437210837,51.4600735017349,51.4598348379404,51.4595754351268,51.4593922887342,51.4592932084736,51.459266589093,51.4591243789326,51.4586402870477,51.4585609950701,51.4586232416535,51.4582264835706,51.4580465516224,51.4580036349083,51.4577744019443,51.4575239296091,51.4572985606056,51.4570648253913,51.4568108385743,51.4566455463391,51.4565511978636,51.4561961228696,51.4557801277506,51.4556197495189,51.4555431418312,51.4554014541202,51.4552566840803,51.4550628544629,51.4548461028748,51.45470659885,51.4545614192446,51.4543405304738,51.453766076257,51.4533983386668,51.4529420048649,51.4524704723328,51.4521866332422,51.4518874162596,51.4518126056104,51.4515506927708,51.4509645056478,51.4506997409787,51.450451250281,51.4499631409987,51.449496987481,51.4486620935793,51.4484183049296,51.448171536797,51.4475064313292,51.4470927364784,51.4468001911221,51.4465896685643,51.4464231475115,51.4462312830147,51.4460896883267,51.4459457654663,51.4458486444219,51.4457465394425,51.4456091530651,51.4455375427196,51.4454527404408,51.4454116576733,51.4453925497481,51.445344838658,51.4453117684306,51.4449827479848,51.4446839200879,51.4444003701787,51.4441309128292,51.4439156504445,51.4435659723307,51.4432465559507,51.4432647614808,51.4432460218725,51.4432366441556,51.4429932309069,51.4429501901846,51.4428630141512,51.4428293581563,51.4427350921052,51.4427342191234,51.4426114830959,51.4428724497868,51.4432595742239,51.4435427636147,51.4434273224664,51.4432882842166,51.4431878881309,51.4431639889463,51.4430637460089,51.4429282041274,51.4428410608039,51.442778348925,51.4426469285514,51.4420106358376,51.4417964790486,51.4410972008799,51.4408641674606,51.440725674033,51.4405604490972,51.4399980644706,51.439962040647,51.4400401245567,51.4401887154475,51.440405785099,51.4400304248431,51.4400198462576,51.4399779052108,51.4398248729655,51.4396251096251,51.4396127593892,51.4395687152791,51.4395370158668,51.4394433247664,51.4392948157206,51.4392717082329,51.4392610275366,51.439220730858,51.4390204566412,51.4389895682146,51.4389817362709,51.4389468397362,51.4389071895529,51.4388760089905,51.4387475514379,51.4386525983647,51.4384782028102,51.4384153426146,51.4383214976031,51.4381505365145,51.4381338973072,51.4380995539356,51.4379988308213,51.4379775517927,51.4377964379954,51.4376502210838,51.4374190169397,51.4371920697465,51.4371302920761,51.4371143983702,51.4370074312301,51.4367920117849,51.4366080163161,51.4364478485296,51.4366305478202,51.4366885384892,51.4367415077947,51.4368796273204,51.4368577235711,51.4364521805283,51.4358889573226,51.4358618144402,51.4355105005267,51.4353622161852,51.4351283605918,51.4348892470296,51.4348854490098,51.4348551666956,51.4344595583255,51.4340927469905,51.4340037778514,51.4337559121471,51.4336473342771,51.4336273801419,51.4332996990865,51.4330368301282,51.4328544349596,51.432696206231,51.4324124092055,51.4323331083983,51.432315485539,51.4322713715683,51.4321831690116,51.432151405891,51.4319986233715,51.4319907984545,51.4316132502035,51.4308307044864,51.4314902924167,51.4315726319582,51.4317737688761,51.4313787630888,51.4312595337462,51.4299387178349,51.429653461442,51.4294349524591,51.4292101084422,51.4286799822063,51.4285875522312,51.4284768105834,51.4276074117391,51.4267220806745,51.426337554972,51.4260152161841,51.4256173292345,51.4255145748935,51.4253701989163,51.4253683511353,51.4250493689802,51.4247890117308,51.4244655373539,51.4243998526914,51.4243088432351,51.4242745833133,51.4242327929098,51.4242033041552,51.4241089900564,51.4237349896582,51.4240625571029,51.4250792527642,51.4250594648017,51.424874928432,51.4247223898035,51.424701693242,51.4246700979332,51.4246704576509,51.4246704279937,51.4245909550836,51.4248829989995,51.425162840098,51.426140057749,51.4261575594976,51.4265001183017,51.4275222351801,51.4276681499592,51.4279322829742,51.4284487059122,51.4289958635568,51.4296472707416,51.4301672487091,51.4304863155255,51.4312623865615,51.431529979985,51.4321347733987,51.4325330744301,51.4327178935994,51.433325966431,51.4337534343956,51.4343921273826,51.4348429671977,51.4350327643372,51.435239784783,51.4356504763157,51.4362194655864,51.4364046991155,51.4366028343789,51.4367851984494,51.4371691665967,51.4376531623533,51.4377451878679,51.4378752894665,51.4382992675325,51.438345671699,51.4386315357827,51.4389904855116,51.4390404839014,51.4392688846619,51.4394806597887,51.4396537519498,51.4399502432355,51.4402045681824,51.4407091156966,51.4407466834524,51.440811954825,51.4408793283754,51.4409859688598,51.4409961057528,51.4410460577663,51.4411509796477,51.4412645614882,51.4413360824465,51.4413992939702,51.4414520919753,51.4416524386065,51.4417844388292,51.441922634898,51.4419781733526,51.4420146434826,51.442047792171,51.4420517871861,51.4421404500269,51.4423100640282,51.4423509263209,51.4423871701104,51.4423879443726,51.4423886187162,51.442429256417,51.4424460065975,51.4424802281939,51.4424857945115,51.4426137446921,51.4426212330035,51.442670780591,51.4427775135906,51.4428991724715,51.4429164203599,51.4429637958786,51.4430699535095,51.4430755696428,51.4431423140907,51.4432033676479,51.4432283781061,51.4432403841314,51.4432993912092,51.4434432893819,51.4434952561566,51.4435301509496,51.4435411585377,51.4435917030004,51.4435969188141,51.4436722730781,51.4436541004183,51.4436508303011,51.4436902919258,51.4437920528649,51.4438194067895,51.4438946339506,51.4439447012708,51.4440071178549,51.4441539284681,51.4441718489423,51.444207359626,51.4442376292888,51.4443170736051,51.4443140503726,51.4443081033533,51.443275436908,51.4421160904385,51.4419775829666,51.4419523975262,51.4417410294996,51.4417052259568,51.4416278253004,51.4416244798278,51.4415898224362,51.4415769132338,51.4415325640524,51.4415106476479,51.4415433414031,51.4415786329606,51.4416053031556,51.4416444602538,51.4417383519206,51.4417967268615,51.4418528108932,51.4419012876361,51.4419531595513,51.4420838051661,51.442192872566,51.442367575287,51.4425739280149,51.4427159979137,51.4427352097786,51.4434091088538,51.4442109171529,51.4444411341459,51.4444445053303,51.4446598340689,51.4449925941461,51.4452336159651,51.4457017284022,51.4466913481251,51.4467775242446,51.4471413827951,51.4472046276999,51.447433356524,51.4476525232925,51.4480331035658,51.4481258270635,51.4482571846699,51.4484387145837,51.4485316418972,51.4486654028772,51.4487186183882,51.4489586449244,51.4490134196566,51.4491304092039,51.4492805352427,51.4494123678026,51.4495276872893,51.4500318726188,51.4506043436924,51.450621838483,51.4502269015877,51.4507320689043,51.4507350933078,51.4511230686027,51.4511964990698,51.4513488011027,51.4517049041042,51.4516884731948,51.4515826613479,51.4515898748756,51.4530022187224,51.4530396306161,51.4531381644873,51.45326705249,51.4535961640176,51.4538182013657,51.4541121262829,51.4541877568387,51.4542868003872,51.4543644261618,51.4544303454373,51.4545737419582,51.4545944344101,51.4547043106037,51.4547515648695,51.4547934770639,51.4550391724003,51.4550460566671,51.4553381795585,51.4554699598673,51.4555550435905,51.4556395655434,51.4556870321966,51.4557267660853,51.4558657849046,51.45596833305,51.4560370923041,51.4561774786433,51.4563070410091,51.4564600302581,51.4565500477969,51.4566143118435,51.4566152598046,51.4566850442395,51.4566994464974,51.4567659674711,51.4568775417755,51.4569650165821,51.4570160538191,51.4571664696575,51.4571974415388,51.4575198145187,51.4578542246315,51.4580879277794,51.458464596121,51.4586727927243,51.4590340856703,51.4593408951137,51.4595538769964,51.4598395713902,51.4602953475797,51.4608766948244,51.4611497702282,51.4614008846564,51.4617252048107,51.4620647764564,51.4622899193621,51.4625053503099,51.4627737384579,51.4630128920263,51.4632715434283,51.4636383608983,51.4638419017324,51.4640366647657,51.4640872081961,51.464449458371,51.4645810865013,51.4646571604755,51.4647359055847,51.4648537206243,51.4651095364615,51.4653169511792,51.4655645452223,51.4658200320387,51.4658743177687,51.4659956046915,51.46606725248,51.466096809921,51.4661237492643,51.4662007047069,51.46622859126,51.4662694035586,51.4663413061105,51.4664785686338,51.4666534671283,51.4667136957012,51.466723821331,51.4667574432151,51.4668065232346,51.466831924677,51.4669569099401,51.4670724305142,51.4672646340137,51.4673576246169,51.4674911355442,51.4676246805918,51.4677382930022,51.46789228668,51.4679916942546,51.4681218177365,51.4682857821631,51.4684312219233,51.468796650857,51.4698069869445,51.4698524361052,51.4698971023188,51.4698790315707,51.4698302850281,51.4698296268551,51.4698294313139,51.4697933340848,51.4697444420986,51.4697016653756,51.4695717668402,51.4694564173732,51.4693655271978,51.469254199426,51.4692143149399,51.4691692527472,51.4691608517105,51.4691597551886,51.4691162841922,51.4689812295218,51.4691315236536,51.4693235086924,51.4694456184519,51.4694911573873,51.4696347686058,51.469850333792,51.4699188836316,51.4699513242049,51.470000459056,51.4700527259619,51.4700797580085,51.4701669879978,51.4706200377167,51.4712731028039,51.4715698864688,51.4719123003766,51.4722743100708,51.4725293457962,51.4728169370429,51.4730798789139,51.4733137248298,51.4733486450151,51.4734315180969,51.473715246704,51.4738532262227,51.4738447534653,51.4737423752731,51.4735321356391,51.4734332956729,51.4733408063935,51.4731727807558,51.4729551709283,51.4728721844056,51.4726814822513,51.4724463648098,51.4723487790822,51.4722605930177,51.4721521489131,51.4720234747342,51.4719374982933,51.4718787948176,51.4718482607881,51.471834504541,51.4718118807097,51.4718154378181,51.471822187566,51.4718368127487,51.4719529698045,51.4721181180677,51.4724009069535,51.4725547040651,51.4725789988118,51.4726291023214,51.4727565752291,51.4727546832965,51.4727396793531,51.4727345729836,51.4726077731793,51.4725525676514,51.472388529621,51.4723407245745,51.4723521404454,51.472370204101,51.4723937040686,51.4724924498407,51.4726754512087,51.4725221638653,51.4721520002928,51.4721312835193,51.4719179473406,51.4719171461976,51.4718867025509,51.4717689822952,51.4713992957959,51.4706715655967,51.4701183899372,51.47005009239,51.4697822205324,51.4696560185151,51.4693794247605,51.4689365317918,51.4687670566889,51.4684720102783,51.4683076831326,51.468233932629,51.4680397302334,51.4680363089776,51.468150491798,51.4682619272201,51.4683302266473,51.4684800876072,51.4685491879494,51.4688602205361,51.468995795525,51.4690488156892,51.4692275218192,51.4690560707115,51.4692476995163,51.4692985084868,51.4693402339938,51.4693420312184,51.4694104751749,51.4694333363112,51.4694615886538,51.4694783990321,51.4695259605622,51.4696052147567,51.4697124701874,51.4699488373457,51.4700595595005,51.4700623039624,51.4702509181003,51.4705000057589,51.4705500355877,51.470586852718,51.4706110414512,51.4705249186193,51.4706454249907,51.4707481850378,51.4708793611569,51.4710634318896,51.4710693331866,51.4711021909146,51.4711894789254,51.471137871821,51.471229264717,51.4714673980409,51.47193815222,51.4719854878073,51.4720111108249,51.4720470804206,51.4720275597383,51.472041938561,51.4720554182307,51.4720788798193,51.4720974595456,51.4721845772455,51.4722871167327,51.4723712223053,51.4724172459627,51.4726129239062,51.4726764334406,51.4727252010941,51.4727821534518,51.4728483106333,51.4729219726213,51.4729878143928,51.4730177359324,51.4730832622818,51.4731239676255,51.4731599615862,51.4731742672464,51.4731699940073,51.4731837163677,51.4731976571274,51.47321414797,51.4733475316261,51.4734107260726,51.4734451891724,51.4734825424353,51.4735209886262,51.4735891862992,51.4736622169875,51.4737059819094,51.4737435293246,51.4738175309068,51.4738754543728,51.4739336702666,51.4740259836831,51.4739476093838,51.4739523452287,51.4740159757421,51.4740396305789,51.4740608808172,51.4740859433551,51.474086865074,51.4739664258459,51.4739854160754,51.4740879073666,51.4740994922816,51.4742709328183,51.4742827096788,51.4744642298232,51.4745325487956,51.474730874914,51.4750814785875,51.4751945826924,51.4752540368401,51.4753190533318,51.4753539066932,51.4753171605701,51.4752843736452,51.4752837426932,51.4752718461044,51.4752460791538,51.4751856067754,51.4753442516429,51.4752376567344,51.4752411783284,51.4753066556282,51.4754773430151,51.4756874958135,51.475756251368,51.4758509451516,51.4758610013282,51.4762343392992,51.476408937468,51.4764672744383,51.476548950506,51.4766240203092,51.4768427197585,51.4768713775891,51.4768841033925,51.4768995000786,51.4768990133186,51.4768962924801,51.4768812584138,51.4768767410451,51.4767699290835,51.4766863560058,51.4770031461009,51.4770372437673,51.4770681846064,51.477130601173,51.4773172915543,51.4778006506688,51.478130126184,51.4782036178471,51.4790309663078,51.4793776782093,51.4793426296957,51.479674911076,51.4796941939454,51.4797265180428,51.4797766423925,51.4799418961357,51.4799877944664,51.4800656775712,51.4812282465223,51.4813902592187,51.48142991731,51.4814753080126,51.48168285993,51.4816498009921,51.4817661788065,51.4817725665273,51.481806984523,51.4818416728237,51.4819367942138,51.4821874749208,51.4822765685387,51.4825246281931,51.4825679820339,51.4825981714145,51.482652623276,51.4828457531078,51.4830376437303,51.4830824526255,51.4831588573349,51.4831808603596,51.4832183084902,51.4832320050254,51.4832452392631,51.4832404776027,51.4832361272515,51.4831695814366,51.4829599862351,51.4829223179958,51.4828694141473,51.4828816457705,51.4828193494212,51.4828267737581,51.483059973642,51.4831272475197,51.4830971441577,51.4831534153316,51.4831307163667,51.4829601514115,51.4829438791512,51.482938225651,51.4829363178886,51.4829418192517,51.482947422194,51.4830378887551,51.4830731328738,51.4831067012481,51.4830564236412,51.4831127799682,51.4830541705789,51.4830761381047,51.4830813100166,51.4833118219339,51.4833778066498,51.4834156054119,51.4834289764561,51.4835601241023,51.4836084778428,51.4838172062072,51.4838561048509,51.4837352458532,51.4836558448867,51.4836067579274,51.4838270011064,51.4837919182816,51.4845184239823,51.4846159896022,51.4847070217744,51.4846814124206,51.484623633897,51.4849040756648,51.4848725429795,51.4849332395973,51.4848721182764,51.4849438919691,51.4850154535001,51.4856445891963,51.4858430435541,51.4859009060754,51.4862383151126,51.4861582480028,51.4860184209822,51.4858976225861,51.4860937731456,51.4862012863332,51.4862680925902,51.4863301359439,51.4863592499995,51.4865935781766,51.4865180522545,51.486714008048,51.4868673595824,51.4874223984086,51.487527317874,51.4876015476323,51.4877424599828,51.4878060046637,51.4877661160281,51.4879718641181,51.4880256638452,51.4884953966054,51.48845222486,51.4884601893762,51.4885424426981,51.4885884506254,51.4890847785959,51.4890922054957,51.4899447109206,51.4899642314745,51.4904650949117,51.4904897913924,51.4913719526522,51.4914195291951,51.4914651118909,51.4917899782111,51.4918597984327,51.4920586318272,51.4923207985302,51.492564291265,51.4928107775168,51.4930027579343,51.4929135145676,51.4931393053002,51.49330814021,51.4934149611623,51.4936646558142,51.4937033480947,51.4939857853824,51.4940209921698,51.4941106273583,51.4941577335248,51.4941652871895,51.4943916733273,51.4944116881402,51.4944488254525,51.4944866648479,51.4945243568574,51.4945849948305,51.4946980501965,51.494710693911,51.494729775197,51.4947570175566,51.4947988585904,51.495010137877,51.4951161091686,51.4951836760113,51.4954959834167,51.4952331985656,51.4963935073027,51.4964524070686,51.4965562367951,51.4974116796528,51.4974771970964,51.4983533350216,51.4983912848221,51.4988519104464,51.4988982815317,51.4988848696889,51.4993937246978,51.4994906597437,51.4996712626344,51.4997693571387,51.5001392054798,51.5009790212327,51.5012980730312,51.5013096338411,51.5015110672102,51.5017059895894,51.5017222870321,51.5017611657112,51.5019048834276,51.5019890973155,51.5019431984071,51.5020323958064,51.5020413817937,51.5021366910035,51.5021484709124,51.5022736460036,51.5027215289656,51.5029253944253,51.5030425618633,51.5031913671903,51.503336234408,51.5035250401797,51.5038143611584,51.5039657187703,51.5040599437976,51.5042409832876,51.504326874555,51.5045234769129,51.5046966571915,51.5047920681912,51.5048228117605,51.5048832890843,51.5048679618688,51.5048462018516,51.5047191741864,51.5044223097047,51.5043066989308,51.504087367522,51.5037352024899,51.503301152288,51.5030117519234,51.5018022657916,51.5017309043808,51.5015311397368,51.5011258970839,51.4994563213776,51.4988771122852,51.4986323570715,51.4981783987989,51.4981359517991,51.4979447051468,51.4978001756114,51.4976189939179,51.4973891229027,51.4973495687563,51.4973294536331,51.4970762163988,51.4970380552668,51.4969960772454,51.4966017209597,51.4964974598004,51.4964409639615,51.4963460675451,51.4962194728016,51.4960781281638,51.4960781034216,51.4959701461932,51.4959116311045,51.495893840266,51.4958795942813,51.495917820659,51.4954824333615,51.4954818215445,51.4954169535407,51.4953459048131,51.4953298610643,51.4952996519718,51.495254679924,51.4951961505837,51.4951249775161,51.4950738210362,51.4951471404711,51.4949992054538,51.494766213128,51.4948793918776,51.4947509969272,51.4946982745893,51.4946245416034,51.494454178346,51.4940148086048,51.4939458068871,51.4940832460184,51.4942963348775,51.49424937781,51.4940801504805,51.4939386791598,51.4938621451248,51.4938515069537,51.493855868667,51.4939112328703,51.4938844250438,51.4937954431621,51.4938262837888,51.4938652470117,51.4937558710021,51.4937889339725,51.4938952656599,51.4939496406326,51.4939159447031,51.4938977488618,51.4939452118471,51.4938485419675,51.4939123539128,51.4939581845344,51.4942084943649,51.4942438927113,51.4942476891496,51.4942667361961,51.4943541276219,51.4944204241012,51.4944892899121,51.4946757885761,51.4946964284484,51.494759873416,51.4948213722294,51.4948596574198,51.4948718083849,51.4948053787709,51.4948408650945,51.4948343206111,51.4948633423496,51.4948826859823,51.4949827249741,51.4950418259589,51.4950622322302,51.4951236907497,51.4953122818658,51.4953964946172,51.4954513086403,51.4954308250482,51.4954169736913,51.4954013493199,51.4953495016452,51.4953110349893,51.4951842994179,51.4950807482369,51.4950117036623,51.4949626561755,51.4949152295993,51.4949119045908,51.4947559778875,51.4946548741523,51.4945163137685,51.4944752220898,51.4944647680486,51.4945046130892,51.4944986259884,51.4944563831388,51.4944574727172,51.4944927991683,51.4944582797684,51.4944099736673,51.4940572301876,51.4940550541297,51.494058770688,51.4944240941094,51.4944506611524,51.4944592378468,51.4942031743089,51.4942019471558,51.4942158349946,51.494442981461,51.4944794573179,51.4945666448712,51.4946212066869,51.4944942047925,51.4945543540451,51.4945591871779,51.4946664473425,51.4945141692721,51.4945130679978,51.4945306201795,51.4947252419888,51.4947534475652,51.4947421523179,51.4949547073642,51.4950094837489,51.4950511385897,51.4951669098967,51.4955188056867,51.4959006759455,51.4960993928969,51.4959336194001,51.4958911708269,51.4958795662359,51.495949946392,51.4962728978606,51.4965070297361,51.4966924150957,51.497329455989,51.4981467179195,51.4988882937008,51.4988218378244,51.498861326762,51.4989026383431,51.4989945643837,51.499836126862,51.5004141362828,51.5004141107003,51.5006669291776,51.5006990241666,51.501018001746,51.5028126610095,51.5032929127882,51.5035244900262,51.5035491663246,51.5035007489747,51.5034133316918,51.5034231424695,51.5036654740446,51.5037331504397,51.5037979773593,51.5038865555304,51.503969636551,51.5040482730875,51.5043221780018,51.5050210975422,51.505043535613,51.5054464454073,51.5055562746655,51.5056628735842,51.5058556311606,51.506492124812,51.5079205424308,51.5083414969315,51.5087258156141,51.5088174663865,51.5089194125194,51.5090075203517,51.5090396088648,51.5090807035393,51.5090890154232,51.5090476828791,51.5089536306883,51.509215550699,51.5094039942641,51.5094903279172,51.509596485356,51.5096414630729,51.5096771548194,51.5096461454317,51.5095840445104,51.5095251678254,51.5094888916537,51.5094815504777,51.5094328736436,51.5093861174253,51.5094106708443,51.5094740530226,51.5095170248132,51.5096047199088,51.5097090763385,51.5098875060647,51.5101523391423,51.5102974049631,51.5105305691147,51.5107783939628,51.5111734527899,51.5114446653239]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.223425180211038,-0.223269121948767,-0.223112534958677,-0.222759163639294,-0.22172587754476,-0.220390229911776,-0.2197974915513,-0.219088692181997,-0.218994522965355,-0.217465526517659,-0.216850846832608,-0.21547790905639,-0.21518749771272,-0.214720107487179,-0.214767693644771,-0.213364742041129,-0.212780963813847,-0.212801425107596,-0.212644698937098,-0.212566017905328,-0.21174270265159,-0.210473689597838,-0.209056369329508,-0.207269639716489,-0.206987545290257,-0.205766455395799,-0.203438975932801,-0.202012342002208,-0.202010903261322,-0.200300992077403,-0.199983361355552,-0.199670637446194,-0.199111360561345,-0.199078305095839,-0.195540457849623,-0.195162995636535,-0.195093667336942,-0.195121092722375,-0.195127287975686,-0.195121516712632,-0.194990943362623,-0.195122670998983,-0.195126110051948,-0.195116489277647,-0.195164291353482,-0.195170217556294,-0.194924842932909,-0.19447776125468,-0.1941342110753,-0.194130131716856,-0.194436227083245,-0.194588834078171,-0.194590272720993,-0.194744713871187,-0.194685269896639,-0.194781777897367,-0.194832405440176,-0.194854472109154,-0.194851351557995,-0.194804766140528,-0.194698368688172,-0.194626783918218,-0.194586460441217,-0.194418869879356,-0.193882867039973,-0.194368222474642,-0.194411190508341,-0.194443110113651,-0.194473059030905,-0.194502192238709,-0.194551035474485,-0.194570523594617,-0.194609338044363,-0.194815342560185,-0.194839263716102,-0.194385212105688,-0.194217562274461,-0.194041135014101,-0.194128037825072,-0.192577957937094,-0.19234971433272,-0.191700666649411,-0.191256344623087,-0.190840547512359,-0.190328867827917,-0.190088187422621,-0.188869323838236,-0.188505436580395,-0.188454709089932,-0.187343743212457,-0.18711267887231,-0.18401503506065,-0.183439568213366,-0.182578971011573,-0.182351998965595,-0.182214544655188,-0.182005453812635,-0.181398800468606,-0.181313426748019,-0.18115825570107,-0.180933991241485,-0.180796834577371,-0.180720234834244,-0.180266635453288,-0.179289444088202,-0.179095972779779,-0.17894556345935,-0.178814986510914,-0.178502433452037,-0.178493513418963,-0.17845183409982,-0.178782020368951,-0.178561353250108,-0.177980320441257,-0.177974313971222,-0.177952241882537,-0.178479819232423,-0.178320236251456,-0.178236745952529,-0.177827538280603,-0.177749906847386,-0.177629761432912,-0.177305794256179,-0.177240871222402,-0.177239109801317,-0.177564737875592,-0.17756437972789,-0.177503930045328,-0.177470815431707,-0.177419203753114,-0.177377932522265,-0.177304542163568,-0.177279152929691,-0.177147625575193,-0.177135450569733,-0.177111786557446,-0.176886506965817,-0.176724407022537,-0.176640107387824,-0.176301768159235,-0.175946590356089,-0.175895012023302,-0.175781284725217,-0.175754775778587,-0.175733951603161,-0.175883806009014,-0.175853409909988,-0.175979992603129,-0.175997948578488,-0.176019540851844,-0.176023899289886,-0.176003146981733,-0.175680002772046,-0.175612654122572,-0.175805080901082,-0.175539467286821,-0.175455543148333,-0.175271396270685,-0.175153185769187,-0.174919891961328,-0.174658420987649,-0.174399462611657,-0.174180182181435,-0.17384418590115,-0.173768523779133,-0.173392870419865,-0.173098415559658,-0.172451570357492,-0.172157178853321,-0.172021244063028,-0.171629232220285,-0.171417087431359,-0.171318856846056,-0.171134490272437,-0.170968329090311,-0.170865062712047,-0.170667668650397,-0.16862314826118,-0.16789443509574,-0.167898791606703,-0.167786491706405,-0.167748527259227,-0.166266228565712,-0.165806765005484,-0.165763505127424,-0.165032802019596,-0.164996790771926,-0.164966064209163,-0.164915151508195,-0.164880933161746,-0.161550724742027,-0.157886867781603,-0.156247666570981,-0.153961151006976,-0.152875625519708,-0.15279071461766,-0.152143735109803,-0.150222607248987,-0.150187745254896,-0.150027526532978,-0.150016822882229,-0.149479951512979,-0.149251151962471,-0.149108183425674,-0.14803967747885,-0.147241313311061,-0.146703325845401,-0.146365735694644,-0.146163444177099,-0.143486928059933,-0.141614238499812,-0.140621907378002,-0.140390164104171,-0.140276897043098,-0.140077234717127,-0.138947850425302,-0.138388214816925,-0.138208593894998,-0.138091973229967,-0.13785105947607,-0.137616719768883,-0.137354362574865,-0.137307142024522,-0.136914809867336,-0.136901884798163,-0.13684214063454,-0.136819279840003,-0.136801092404133,-0.136768548464346,-0.136733455539962,-0.136679834691943,-0.136170982474178,-0.136120130089909,-0.135919855472681,-0.135775657267849,-0.135738308363287,-0.135664573417181,-0.134540907682445,-0.134542401786143,-0.134157569411664,-0.133197337953019,-0.133137281690714,-0.13271816537731,-0.132638399392832,-0.132441556058482,-0.13213676917714,-0.131998725485744,-0.131930312542015,-0.13200517224749,-0.131685753582438,-0.13148552102351,-0.131335731740823,-0.131165901286635,-0.130721325070672,-0.130556362114923,-0.13048937970689,-0.129963772457749,-0.129687498889917,-0.129349667829414,-0.129139046893621,-0.129137607524831,-0.128821548942545,-0.128504127792415,-0.128455634947445,-0.128368339650401,-0.128171746425765,-0.128035930845084,-0.127727240296149,-0.127052352814204,-0.126531888111467,-0.12636370163664,-0.1268735114221,-0.127049050673229,-0.127161070390208,-0.127279859397038,-0.127405731835023,-0.127496477292734,-0.127989872366079,-0.128635486439486,-0.129168138126041,-0.129459037650374,-0.129947544105655,-0.130188995280464,-0.130219991155674,-0.130311392382061,-0.130348292115677,-0.130352830338586,-0.13037057894711,-0.130441377616564,-0.130567883443736,-0.130583341377803,-0.130644934085059,-0.130661757702418,-0.130853681715717,-0.130985059354685,-0.131168547730105,-0.131344882250843,-0.131412327669543,-0.131544406160754,-0.131611697163077,-0.131736233738392,-0.131829554833591,-0.131877099887468,-0.131969545631798,-0.131988174234073,-0.131989613404247,-0.131992638614136,-0.132061425051187,-0.13210720693736,-0.132275060519122,-0.132632231914222,-0.13309478670857,-0.133319289629018,-0.133646005365873,-0.133833679708412,-0.133883435069424,-0.133883428269518,-0.133980314972322,-0.134057228864073,-0.134111659568437,-0.134244027297499,-0.134520328388082,-0.134527853658549,-0.134710816358809,-0.134952915412768,-0.134857818342357,-0.134872832032163,-0.135230572700357,-0.134706485337658,-0.134533929325043,-0.134461785208729,-0.134449154728915,-0.134479218523145,-0.13453725629124,-0.134502032056657,-0.134494241129245,-0.134486349288335,-0.134557768238402,-0.134721998398648,-0.134747570687607,-0.134798788605454,-0.135071693474869,-0.135238908700959,-0.135348765997193,-0.135596573204696,-0.135704414379685,-0.135787169730419,-0.135909923757828,-0.136080091248305,-0.136258599647836,-0.13627557456055,-0.136293988472524,-0.136310963396635,-0.136327901701608,-0.136343401018312,-0.136358900340684,-0.136374363044888,-0.136388350136404,-0.136492601886568,-0.136660960608793,-0.136918036893619,-0.137492551566589,-0.137849022389014,-0.138042859248309,-0.138349190603968,-0.138516013519783,-0.138678677816737,-0.138726920290969,-0.138746615389697,-0.139066285214347,-0.139159732313647,-0.139209474594352,-0.139270423241419,-0.139448975615883,-0.139502107721296,-0.13959971183484,-0.139578566067387,-0.139455972006275,-0.139316231136524,-0.139741292312205,-0.139866906594007,-0.140342638428323,-0.140981336509298,-0.141784401177271,-0.141495707066829,-0.141583978595376,-0.142676865558519,-0.143100405044462,-0.143240731508532,-0.146114549751295,-0.147298420822349,-0.149429105499227,-0.15034529735977,-0.150618707584456,-0.150643219361426,-0.150641475648971,-0.150565707922629,-0.150470385432594,-0.151231440776376,-0.150991820536176,-0.150982575894671,-0.150967264984522,-0.150793133141798,-0.150731777235593,-0.150660554465939,-0.150535730391458,-0.150462437872661,-0.150384793337291,-0.150054847132415,-0.149930470525412,-0.149785293435531,-0.149702639551016,-0.149693477708396,-0.149671310636056,-0.149390467703309,-0.14929908852732,-0.149217219484626,-0.14896436596369,-0.148664622769225,-0.148365722793896,-0.148340791231727,-0.148333429116793,-0.148153901906247,-0.148080133856551,-0.147976942510853,-0.1479699417333,-0.148001656770303,-0.147958023813109,-0.147780674414259,-0.147651125425807,-0.147631060829538,-0.147378014758044,-0.147729989815446,-0.147359944859507,-0.146569772482711,-0.144621475243336,-0.143768645666085,-0.143612289191087,-0.143147423439467,-0.142322636054121,-0.142327935919123,-0.14237261191223,-0.142443739774792,-0.142583743483739,-0.142820933837657,-0.142953301005233,-0.143073614191755,-0.143360173809905,-0.14361726891556,-0.144068747593553,-0.144647607053157,-0.144795221274943,-0.144937083514845,-0.145174942972024,-0.145283375391459,-0.145440413773798,-0.145566209467677,-0.145586470909457,-0.145589219755579,-0.145678603887794,-0.145696480678902,-0.145687979027091,-0.145603491085663,-0.145406958130769,-0.145146059783223,-0.144854929024878,-0.14474971375206,-0.144594185015967,-0.144467146896157,-0.144337834134178,-0.144003546047174,-0.143823619507832,-0.143620746018612,-0.143271215544749,-0.142768671607667,-0.142358688306549,-0.141615520990297,-0.140804329352142,-0.13904175197888,-0.137885144957469,-0.137370345974172,-0.137351542017351,-0.136751142692421,-0.136416885660881,-0.136395509492335,-0.136023276867431,-0.13598006283615,-0.135904030302223,-0.135941865685118,-0.136104211428924,-0.136424240542724,-0.136688365263256,-0.136807525528614,-0.137011418628809,-0.137047038864715,-0.137048586543168,-0.137371898974046,-0.137433244803409,-0.137477224864496,-0.137497636786352,-0.13751834113913,-0.137487863544698,-0.13747598205927,-0.137286305256631,-0.137301879418514,-0.13725980095914,-0.137259898657787,-0.137303354429347,-0.137381492348265,-0.137383478701173,-0.137401295266007,-0.13750418086666,-0.13768372603967,-0.137815477505515,-0.138003196962673,-0.138306848405831,-0.138508993160534,-0.138981959773895,-0.139119203996465,-0.139325293548115,-0.139381248135705,-0.139737149598729,-0.139912604839843,-0.139972939086074,-0.139877384990536,-0.139805082744063,-0.139759061017731,-0.139697625222881,-0.139648099374187,-0.139489628323096,-0.139110238463698,-0.138228777521511,-0.137857583541824,-0.137598979853489,-0.136931901315918,-0.13668618801318,-0.136522574237384,-0.136455597568822,-0.136150255057233,-0.135869692057119,-0.135594044813573,-0.135364988199971,-0.135264182248907,-0.135332096812983,-0.13537942978969,-0.135495550897682,-0.135930953451802,-0.136707716433853,-0.137223228720877,-0.137711865188074,-0.138398535918847,-0.138387045012409,-0.138382390212501,-0.138382463270683,-0.138385737843622,-0.138364627100931,-0.138394222797694,-0.138411108755534,-0.138437233308592,-0.138489413983481,-0.138541377515274,-0.138764492707366,-0.138871916501968,-0.138926413757535,-0.138932923226227,-0.138922158756224,-0.138866506581606,-0.138825117852714,-0.138530592292179,-0.138516606450055,-0.138302061314228,-0.137851931036043,-0.138171703589366,-0.138519110930354,-0.139046762255499,-0.139509898827732,-0.140405494752076,-0.140671447917503,-0.140884598857362,-0.140996350362542,-0.14117523852996,-0.141390897083819,-0.141576897391942,-0.141822372935828,-0.142024327768883,-0.142665209211279,-0.142792111039875,-0.143111502274547,-0.143512926228988,-0.143746986166281,-0.144003005062212,-0.144480272756119,-0.144505888939803,-0.144696518701063,-0.145005424234608,-0.145285840607153,-0.145294318797906,-0.145598824732928,-0.14577848716981,-0.145851626109895,-0.145882591925995,-0.145996103447251,-0.146053396177895,-0.146272107079773,-0.146474844395183,-0.146813638313732,-0.146918291124724,-0.147039990311314,-0.147440892015381,-0.147599141980721,-0.14766999042894,-0.147896312417742,-0.148188648831691,-0.148655071548329,-0.149227862473595,-0.149341252662643,-0.149548636735602,-0.149793791661289,-0.149923610528023,-0.150135707290301,-0.150284284728096,-0.150428273860037,-0.150547587781318,-0.15077360541155,-0.151000950837866,-0.151161946881068,-0.151327640493158,-0.151909774734159,-0.153295182873667,-0.155364713937201,-0.155759243191587,-0.156170427320984,-0.156841357728466,-0.157545093139999,-0.158187994772622,-0.158791125097147,-0.159289263753565,-0.159592145023198,-0.159678381579814,-0.159700694595222,-0.159699014197283,-0.159882855445242,-0.159918566829479,-0.160022235824973,-0.160019944804672,-0.160043744025649,-0.15991387673416,-0.160037208381347,-0.159965307705257,-0.15997307230713,-0.160083158712924,-0.160361824647139,-0.160361265428697,-0.16099519592065,-0.161181960509984,-0.161555955655827,-0.161599194616421,-0.161671170495535,-0.162719178104546,-0.163543356446854,-0.164139893187577,-0.164552124836984,-0.165093648178874,-0.165052605475168,-0.16488069740619,-0.164833467743318,-0.165072858628127,-0.166181069777441,-0.16652938173363,-0.166736902783587,-0.167032714780981,-0.167138614402154,-0.167563251978441,-0.167596778748361,-0.168425038152169,-0.168448072980775,-0.169189558712457,-0.169630666780133,-0.170633816545397,-0.17101729391959,-0.171068864172494,-0.171374221257586,-0.17158456354694,-0.172100628365195,-0.17223054279909,-0.172416087896237,-0.172839975134664,-0.173347063712362,-0.17359719541811,-0.173722882348717,-0.173771075406798,-0.174630397596768,-0.174606180497181,-0.174692935463203,-0.174823571997585,-0.175143138098504,-0.175586442506008,-0.175828310008758,-0.1765150263262,-0.177470674623817,-0.178000341513642,-0.178798824699208,-0.179073825989989,-0.180824003650698,-0.181939892038868,-0.183232415260877,-0.183945805579307,-0.184092749662233,-0.184347474928952,-0.184552676493016,-0.18456473748947,-0.184540560661142,-0.184523863897195,-0.184296137372592,-0.184197905032012,-0.184154089151462,-0.184248350398868,-0.184256798628705,-0.18433819178595,-0.184407073052232,-0.184393374902737,-0.184379951320198,-0.184419675963704,-0.184580268501119,-0.184736834092788,-0.184912684372076,-0.185288425131817,-0.185430760225636,-0.18576162641869,-0.186424469738152,-0.18657375024652,-0.18728934056314,-0.187301133240841,-0.187419484394074,-0.187453990598933,-0.188243498089568,-0.188332659018694,-0.188358412197421,-0.189254218530158,-0.18924461619795,-0.189088956918854,-0.189119611510457,-0.189796813190377,-0.189957853705527,-0.190224418281575,-0.190342472268046,-0.190408945079303,-0.190449147881699,-0.190473144860041,-0.190542706388736,-0.190667986604897,-0.190844903586018,-0.191062169196931,-0.191144053193562,-0.191159567405222,-0.191168833481667,-0.191176839261804,-0.191185164531795,-0.191183354182501,-0.191145492438381,-0.191132126173533,-0.19111875990248,-0.191103955814718,-0.191074347618658,-0.191059579010116,-0.191046177207008,-0.19103281089745,-0.190951210597782,-0.190866769946205,-0.190780926754434,-0.190779417925692,-0.19063957542993,-0.190373429215824,-0.190266013985427,-0.190184585662025,-0.190068895143049,-0.189886966137529,-0.189760138675801,-0.189643533172326,-0.189442146872972,-0.189350108782791,-0.189267470380858,-0.189215935152206,-0.189547891311205,-0.189728309642727,-0.189935053177359,-0.190271323786114,-0.190535253341024,-0.190667404992243,-0.190646065845111,-0.190530280074051,-0.190465088863047,-0.190461680109301,-0.190420369181559,-0.190313585784432,-0.190292068621343,-0.190210455706756,-0.189963362532542,-0.189941115590655,-0.189886678741991,-0.189802634601723,-0.189759174501374,-0.189945999801584,-0.19007088601829,-0.190063282946301,-0.190036700959779,-0.190030359842697,-0.190026060744335,-0.190039783085047,-0.190078930331022,-0.190092014938845,-0.190393794559876,-0.1925225132604,-0.192864304164488,-0.193416170744627,-0.194458345396505,-0.19454817699178,-0.194610534649988,-0.196452988874281,-0.196705661483956,-0.197170629580896,-0.198517409964959,-0.201605972422474,-0.202733909900188,-0.203000405713254,-0.203681763386592,-0.204255754594381,-0.204285381242103,-0.204557872934365,-0.205439355455684,-0.205889808031532,-0.206682568578134,-0.207289133318302,-0.207476285821847,-0.207876539504476,-0.208042645088993,-0.208317126025256,-0.20868542640525,-0.20912888738175,-0.209938332252755,-0.210387999286957,-0.210997070458147,-0.211683895869717,-0.212119564734948,-0.212229551457238,-0.212545867881214,-0.212779062713697,-0.212969083698439,-0.213151704448254,-0.21324597847812,-0.213781074797159,-0.214249463371049,-0.215108344415922,-0.215551198969986,-0.215707268986995,-0.215734730277203,-0.215920973551429,-0.215950120287915,-0.215990455638825,-0.216033702001042,-0.216076983443138,-0.216123175900613,-0.216169368424697,-0.216176383212553,-0.216238148417786,-0.21653150834728,-0.216885297993785,-0.217134355422567,-0.217331747670597,-0.217394494226774,-0.21745731079921,-0.217521600381402,-0.217585959968398,-0.217650319584253,-0.217714749194908,-0.217780616818306,-0.217846554426972,-0.217912562013192,-0.217978569613589,-0.218044647181222,-0.218069093006011,-0.218135205559783,-0.218201388066889,-0.218267605547387,-0.218333892968222,-0.218401618372328,-0.218466537726651,-0.218532930025951,-0.218597954252597,-0.218815929756103,-0.219158271219289,-0.219598844433089,-0.21970441146297,-0.220438226716745,-0.221130992468925,-0.223239723935903,-0.22427689451127,-0.224507851358219,-0.224798170198788,-0.225130714575872,-0.22550592724577,-0.225893260597383,-0.226982138649379,-0.227638466748739,-0.228809580410419,-0.229291141805464,-0.230098902664299,-0.230463497886138,-0.23090729984406,-0.231074279576481,-0.231323452736753,-0.231656137340715,-0.232210600086257,-0.233167972736865,-0.235159028956506,-0.236076933231897,-0.236899196999039,-0.237613192646629,-0.238478819471094,-0.239201427172269,-0.239814422873449,-0.240507879382365,-0.240711671387132,-0.241195600263304,-0.241717670851746,-0.242260961509502,-0.242767001989164,-0.243235885755999,-0.243729728241266,-0.244100108404933,-0.245016680538701,-0.245968259212372,-0.246407276287918,-0.247456751695841,-0.248235998992505,-0.248774215798102,-0.249689913160668,-0.25027666929051,-0.250648769989878,-0.250792659431678,-0.25091463804416,-0.251084098979243,-0.251065537247352,-0.251036556386915,-0.251039635417233,-0.251026295048623,-0.251037344257458,-0.251093463572339,-0.251214181109201,-0.251254537389131,-0.251299379015378,-0.251411694675382,-0.251474614850555,-0.251615177556386,-0.251670157047472,-0.251785867789072,-0.25198952722555,-0.252099864536896,-0.252609478368862,-0.252726457932758,-0.252843815004341,-0.252935221485619,-0.253024504565483,-0.253110500699725,-0.253256851396984,-0.253321929109266,-0.253399569547878,-0.253456119705922,-0.253449092647981,-0.253451236323361,-0.253473583385406,-0.253512198937161,-0.253556703554318,-0.253610007449281,-0.253738116637043,-0.253814154336307,-0.254034943401868,-0.254090577576609,-0.253273482903965,-0.252043111502103,-0.251151618974599,-0.249062922788719,-0.24793628154058,-0.245945745755057,-0.245026076157786,-0.244454412720561,-0.243774807414453,-0.243203269186391,-0.242729251502426,-0.242455681461838,-0.241963685538341,-0.241659478487056,-0.241629300276254,-0.242046906210449,-0.24256061541588,-0.243029004642084,-0.244244663129499,-0.244500053307515,-0.245047799014334,-0.245524788571522,-0.246009969965182,-0.246684128045195,-0.247076200532549,-0.247245172551122,-0.247286705187071,-0.247326352166795,-0.249285140936609,-0.252448423409467,-0.254988896444754,-0.259113080888369,-0.259080290727771,-0.259018560461488,-0.258954738462791,-0.258731686859389,-0.2585290765187,-0.258525994104693,-0.258340880578701,-0.25815055497255,-0.257702311774841,-0.257317522738801,-0.257246587437958,-0.25715575082662,-0.257153528102124,-0.257049296454716,-0.256984797866029,-0.256867616239681,-0.256825552634227,-0.256809899408928,-0.256808049824148,-0.258043451373944,-0.25802053637831,-0.258021975077938,-0.257905652882113,-0.25753448260018,-0.257519171199052,-0.257089279760676,-0.256601038801992,-0.256020357589563,-0.255536302906849,-0.253931914977305,-0.253554103744435,-0.252915542564481,-0.251828146434312,-0.251066037375099,-0.24944858348429,-0.249046257919987,-0.248641943371561,-0.248137557312544,-0.245048347320034,-0.243976097896884,-0.243014996135636,-0.241502569637108,-0.235574039193845,-0.235233092946074,-0.234896775897649,-0.234563649402307,-0.2333142397631,-0.233340819642826,-0.233407257358879,-0.233479543155605,-0.233568007474942,-0.233580209466072,-0.233649556609787,-0.233647204563629,-0.233649665835274,-0.23356684964512,-0.233414844451212,-0.233277350254628,-0.232830643675882,-0.23332724157847,-0.233392159623594,-0.233415835395262,-0.233447513761887,-0.23339020567389,-0.233226979126454,-0.233100680150545,-0.233014801368324,-0.232969930119326,-0.232950462614879,-0.232891041631496,-0.232895349002447,-0.2329469056857,-0.232948032198802,-0.233025079971979,-0.233009593658468,-0.232986063299889,-0.232949407769827,-0.232748343543538,-0.232740796470878,-0.232730063149232,-0.232695471238853,-0.232615399889741,-0.232108817183654,-0.231722798311351,-0.231492491372775,-0.231107980781797,-0.230968842659799,-0.230803440083932,-0.230745272645873,-0.230678888099044,-0.230382095551373,-0.229986753793482,-0.229687622671626,-0.229582733214464,-0.229455875475899,-0.229291045900623,-0.22922197154346,-0.229080492323997,-0.228766744821562,-0.228529394054334,-0.22839551653279,-0.228357080170875,-0.228124083226375,-0.227802250751847,-0.227072377103923,-0.226783993664805,-0.226342123686131,-0.225739145441287,-0.225572793510482,-0.224337930334984,-0.223728230121592,-0.223636133991769,-0.223566677909432,-0.223508524364632,-0.223461708256548,-0.223420438657906,-0.223380223988225,-0.223351416568084,-0.223338158877314,-0.223333822091861,-0.223339558374668,-0.223385392832387,-0.223442297861195,-0.223534445441536,-0.223541116906346,-0.22354199737702,-0.223527998885541,-0.223425180211038],"lat":[51.4715212021792,51.4714612857135,51.4715632255274,51.4717269283793,51.4709352114725,51.4698853085276,51.4694293844079,51.4688853665909,51.4688263843427,51.4678643340003,51.4675294594942,51.4668871906307,51.4667289986577,51.4665312421013,51.4664555305137,51.4658460516574,51.4656429166419,51.4655613968607,51.4655194408037,51.4655802895275,51.4653177438238,51.4649296894992,51.464469214486,51.4639212425242,51.4638458880691,51.4635961003888,51.463182773795,51.4629990392714,51.4629990172076,51.4628073202296,51.4627574815835,51.4627292994434,51.46271081837,51.4628191200052,51.4628744319891,51.4624073059232,51.4621211759071,51.4619003822087,51.461852817244,51.4616342102452,51.4610395931738,51.4606927114418,51.4606055369588,51.4604480197805,51.4600755661447,51.4599983217115,51.459905518153,51.4598536712678,51.4598411860107,51.4599445371589,51.4599942141888,51.4600667059697,51.4600667281237,51.460202195577,51.4613073600227,51.4614518270637,51.4615551212816,51.4616525802235,51.4617316663265,51.4617813071475,51.4617050309894,51.461622096793,51.4615495357179,51.4613823917878,51.461467658042,51.4618267414043,51.4618687687211,51.4618989356013,51.4619425608996,51.4620068564168,51.4622647945556,51.4623181505036,51.4623924868381,51.4626807216203,51.4628771267681,51.4628917170191,51.4626895011331,51.4627461342667,51.4629516029633,51.4630877839731,51.4631076456936,51.4631749725721,51.463234663378,51.4633010874343,51.4633894106483,51.4634324565636,51.463674417478,51.4637749074836,51.463747146135,51.4640995678674,51.4641904167393,51.4654113236472,51.4656910689695,51.4662622460905,51.4663945147054,51.4664841074364,51.4666373354228,51.4671575869066,51.4672407923796,51.4674137395445,51.467622483903,51.4677768257822,51.4678565699545,51.4684736119228,51.4697650551569,51.4700677964425,51.4700483746648,51.4702540738186,51.470184472479,51.4701915279223,51.4702619213469,51.4703587742817,51.4706934653408,51.470604404279,51.4706106057066,51.4706947924294,51.4707884186981,51.4711438418005,51.4713601636429,51.4723429823061,51.4725566970818,51.4728255046705,51.4727889951809,51.472864422354,51.4728724882404,51.4729395982958,51.4729485852496,51.4730924252494,51.4732007200267,51.4734840814157,51.4736524992581,51.4738680781488,51.4739270340988,51.4741560971526,51.4742809038926,51.4743326926108,51.4748183830959,51.4751279029752,51.4753280245133,51.4752903896128,51.4759997700801,51.4761014824047,51.4761006123726,51.4761514573037,51.4762041891769,51.4762379943471,51.476277987806,51.476353695641,51.4763728592497,51.4764091652037,51.4764443038198,51.4764952383519,51.4768705946296,51.4768983228212,51.4769840478011,51.4773971680207,51.4775154626325,51.4777634883124,51.477910924448,51.4781995502774,51.4784724497379,51.4787184101924,51.478908335064,51.4791719790036,51.4792274534776,51.4794742919629,51.4796351669658,51.4799650043433,51.4800881094236,51.4801381469685,51.4802534340968,51.4803004841023,51.480271974657,51.4803446364079,51.4803942012997,51.4804195680302,51.4804578542667,51.4809124355334,51.4810916934911,51.4810189221464,51.4810180667272,51.4811029024555,51.4813270255257,51.4813998728484,51.4815089049283,51.4815936925796,51.4815220881132,51.4814982267072,51.4814749486378,51.4814663198521,51.4819078441463,51.4824429509328,51.4826626842671,51.4829693251598,51.4831015066617,51.4831712101052,51.4832500425034,51.4834949241352,51.4833954562798,51.4834396898716,51.4835618195052,51.4836243892666,51.4836549499395,51.4836643836483,51.4836601025692,51.4836358005399,51.4836192056168,51.4835976829565,51.4835782984141,51.4832005313367,51.4829613407179,51.482819713891,51.4827809679744,51.4827683805634,51.4827553219595,51.4827257123218,51.4827105340685,51.4827004882183,51.4826995357606,51.4827091989714,51.4827342534394,51.4827399780295,51.4824496677342,51.4824641176298,51.4826752372645,51.4826922730955,51.4827584547443,51.482780647137,51.4828017121496,51.4828146433519,51.4828227838486,51.4829396932593,51.4829505752717,51.4829878581505,51.4829567895583,51.4829543972567,51.4829613182467,51.4832150225573,51.483284288999,51.483361796907,51.483598305262,51.4835523863562,51.4836581199104,51.4836010958134,51.4836600095563,51.4837522745297,51.4836763365439,51.4837292020171,51.4838005365311,51.4840040749579,51.4841105936608,51.4841810464183,51.4842484818147,51.4844482243652,51.484502247644,51.4845200641178,51.4846231907795,51.484687127967,51.4847770601766,51.484820461272,51.4848204383072,51.4849062200969,51.4850252517628,51.4850487577115,51.4849646328526,51.484735781553,51.4847462030356,51.4847223902695,51.4846019032901,51.4845090588933,51.4844659051229,51.4838697497978,51.4836279560563,51.4833545728354,51.4828807634482,51.4824097648112,51.4820227351864,51.4818615530206,51.4816407495308,51.48147029713,51.4813652287741,51.4811823782946,51.4806664586374,51.4806480685198,51.4805964698483,51.4805745768103,51.480569253634,51.4805578463004,51.4804465681056,51.4802408568541,51.4802150248665,51.4802232008734,51.4801991891607,51.4799432628917,51.479759211006,51.4796038664784,51.4794825794014,51.4794180085172,51.4792519523079,51.4791559048763,51.4789276795852,51.4787232367463,51.4786169827365,51.4784691789933,51.4784362032831,51.4784362262108,51.4784326773803,51.4784409672619,51.4783778493797,51.4781467165327,51.4776524187271,51.4770105212182,51.4766966579858,51.4762423387938,51.4759485712626,51.4758585382347,51.4756822838344,51.4756370644433,51.4755519598381,51.4752767542519,51.4751736475882,51.4748956772974,51.4748877037151,51.4749562602447,51.4747047225399,51.4746708366094,51.4746557880718,51.4742873873899,51.4740740205498,51.4739975362445,51.4739658136733,51.4739224483874,51.4738914527356,51.4738806857966,51.4737910989492,51.473770292086,51.4736460690835,51.4734484696174,51.4733054027896,51.4733139029167,51.473329105807,51.4730987408068,51.4729530229722,51.4728720384854,51.4727626728109,51.4727311150603,51.4727144457262,51.472705606314,51.4726993190309,51.4727003581383,51.4727078220162,51.4727153087648,51.4727227726377,51.4727311351827,51.4727394748528,51.4727478145209,51.4727570528616,51.472767167003,51.4728236786356,51.4729324666137,51.4730903246869,51.4725958685407,51.4722930855262,51.4721298014106,51.4719620083984,51.4718963135554,51.4718620264395,51.4719149491591,51.4719970941558,51.4718906604699,51.471858871102,51.4718749479057,51.4718633255806,51.4717924200242,51.4717959609037,51.4717327631732,51.4717216365707,51.4716558440552,51.47151604026,51.4713672136523,51.4713233444947,51.4715925745952,51.4712888626441,51.4709086177792,51.4706783286697,51.4706320672454,51.4700639688947,51.4705194063444,51.4704676732921,51.4693342238085,51.4688637417347,51.4680152209962,51.4676825655692,51.4676149380845,51.4674004025778,51.4672654866954,51.4663263676108,51.4659777511042,51.465884541388,51.4642261313913,51.463956208716,51.4638363661604,51.4630512667326,51.4628596566012,51.4626984655116,51.4624743801249,51.4623644138719,51.4622552781671,51.4618705860711,51.4617067572417,51.461487745348,51.4613245746962,51.4613019486817,51.4612449456535,51.4593619651056,51.459094342527,51.4588763291392,51.4584370966412,51.4579116936398,51.4573656201852,51.457305875415,51.4572032437787,51.4564108599432,51.455957368058,51.4551284207594,51.4549457608176,51.4548734219547,51.4547423402576,51.4538609633168,51.4529722479201,51.4529701323652,51.4529634359405,51.4523395169742,51.4522365497011,51.4520235250046,51.4514792291836,51.4512148352395,51.4511664971551,51.4510952874546,51.4509913951646,51.4509671991546,51.4507529841874,51.4505607705653,51.450338174146,51.4500613632054,51.4499204779466,51.4497928904889,51.4495051701131,51.4493051098527,51.4490316896301,51.4487045297469,51.4485423015284,51.4482378991606,51.4476598422747,51.447327932746,51.4468619031975,51.4463144458458,51.4459919322604,51.4459596024076,51.4458845793221,51.4458695746963,51.4458307720598,51.4453941939943,51.4449171750586,51.4444661150691,51.4440865167669,51.4439130929894,51.4437029023606,51.4434643861824,51.4432465168195,51.4426540076805,51.4423004472909,51.4418386119693,51.4417998034283,51.44177295777,51.441770058346,51.44175108461,51.4417418183878,51.4417030582683,51.441695481668,51.4417223738009,51.4417247727867,51.441804257623,51.4418852730829,51.4419155081129,51.4420103068787,51.4420114182251,51.4420057128362,51.4417832977705,51.4415421795707,51.4411390033521,51.4407304413194,51.4405956477395,51.440252672908,51.4402613323754,51.4402586591892,51.4403402343295,51.4402117155133,51.4401917313293,51.4401497903873,51.4401006599993,51.4400363281984,51.4400100608375,51.4398622657969,51.4397977664805,51.4397710192357,51.4397332518185,51.4396907778392,51.4393970618189,51.4393836044642,51.439087131363,51.4388216855846,51.4385817377412,51.4384201653471,51.4382621796591,51.4380484822979,51.4379248968475,51.4377579502959,51.4377088713204,51.4375943397148,51.4375628545124,51.4373023220141,51.4370209398735,51.4368816125406,51.4362587066309,51.4358780709077,51.4356651148318,51.4354420222166,51.4353153395706,51.4351788343334,51.4348140063573,51.434059017179,51.4337761479896,51.4338026142022,51.4339322979041,51.4339247950402,51.4339149998816,51.4338285051506,51.4328470514101,51.431964010353,51.4312078426559,51.4306502531583,51.4303348067567,51.4302567521039,51.4302602028985,51.4302701435183,51.4303175356987,51.4303901371859,51.4304486899236,51.4304960222205,51.4305554905799,51.4304842663487,51.4304572145471,51.4304554171828,51.4303394643492,51.4299740285207,51.4295644349164,51.4290782021023,51.4287539832496,51.4283195689062,51.4279966596388,51.4268248665218,51.4260927738902,51.4252825040799,51.4247682289893,51.4245729179728,51.4238184517378,51.4236334455354,51.4226692541406,51.4226240688383,51.4220280464566,51.4211063443373,51.4208470411073,51.4205800825663,51.4201954838109,51.4198764040928,51.4192494429033,51.4191106795604,51.4189971566788,51.4189368801419,51.4188524889563,51.4187479975711,51.418665517094,51.4185704903643,51.4184846650865,51.4182502237195,51.4182063723288,51.4180972267404,51.4179866819756,51.4179247431638,51.4178532597434,51.4177520061267,51.4177587065332,51.4178102846836,51.4178889140102,51.4180318386202,51.4180355698444,51.4181518970189,51.4182257814348,51.4182665061412,51.4182831827726,51.4183569195622,51.4183982927246,51.4185735115339,51.418717003089,51.4189103066712,51.4189542267875,51.4189678413793,51.4189768768885,51.4189757811796,51.4190020803211,51.4191315539177,51.4193358096964,51.419574289004,51.4198144461885,51.4198558042977,51.4199202286884,51.4199753571047,51.4200016865355,51.4200562923823,51.4200811189658,51.4200770965531,51.4200430089248,51.4199665409767,51.419892791331,51.4198593606691,51.4198520824932,51.4200393173566,51.420458629017,51.4211054156362,51.421237521107,51.4213132337698,51.4215108333921,51.4217512101275,51.422002317006,51.4222411051255,51.4224440692917,51.4225666289491,51.4224250005601,51.4224424368773,51.422591687825,51.4226341418061,51.4222821921557,51.4223152938471,51.4222648992621,51.4222095187017,51.422184099066,51.4219783060057,51.4219421060321,51.4219278397557,51.4218369441199,51.4219177556513,51.4218242237236,51.4209376090716,51.4206204024796,51.4199383348661,51.4198643744381,51.4198628056412,51.4199107134213,51.4199452129027,51.4199896298836,51.4200392509662,51.4200926933844,51.4201837754091,51.4201666956483,51.4203404127147,51.4203963180362,51.420521574442,51.4205513038996,51.4205770316354,51.4206248228475,51.4206021989773,51.420701462741,51.420726266955,51.4209109722546,51.4209823737919,51.421215176873,51.4213704444843,51.4217143364207,51.4218722962381,51.4219135676875,51.4220828968742,51.4222183696696,51.4225141824309,51.4225746603711,51.4226467967541,51.4228377539578,51.4230704730174,51.4231822822345,51.4230241725809,51.4230420094442,51.4233512522037,51.4233814498538,51.4234061817204,51.4234486828039,51.4235507788203,51.42368807272,51.4237547855177,51.4239201440584,51.4241229532843,51.4242229127303,51.424327047077,51.4243564991031,51.424546442814,51.4247355157295,51.425548703343,51.4262036277109,51.4263794611736,51.426957133795,51.4276230652147,51.428589054586,51.4291264360419,51.4294750892757,51.4305021106396,51.4309115494352,51.4312184165914,51.431272033752,51.4312766609096,51.4313282801413,51.4313689144252,51.4314604264642,51.4316175885177,51.4317405027981,51.4319354311926,51.4321231029335,51.4322598154406,51.4325075333833,51.4326913868077,51.4331641219059,51.4329558601218,51.4329644645364,51.4329863243469,51.4329064728879,51.4320971736746,51.4320977072706,51.4321054169715,51.4320699255694,51.4321098908982,51.4318305753605,51.4318187366864,51.4316077043923,51.4315964876585,51.431351559268,51.4315356960225,51.4317799135478,51.4318869492355,51.431988692198,51.4320999213841,51.4322207921909,51.43239002697,51.4325691143563,51.432788565873,51.4330428115327,51.4332643929338,51.4333086958944,51.4333654920176,51.4334177724109,51.433461964429,51.4335077985498,51.4336286138389,51.4336391986432,51.433649783446,51.4336603460585,51.4336814712776,51.4336911351761,51.4337026186783,51.4337132034708,51.4337757912933,51.4338374359648,51.433898159672,51.4338999348953,51.4340893178738,51.4345986844664,51.4348047542261,51.4350085273578,51.435278316333,51.4358042695042,51.4361737035769,51.4365756685826,51.4373387240123,51.4376286611945,51.4381174789883,51.43854742631,51.4385579493555,51.4386164896057,51.4387734549241,51.4388568822173,51.4389140127204,51.438919649621,51.4389498949234,51.4391126713785,51.4393059041844,51.4393193403928,51.4393088108588,51.4392801846934,51.4393149234601,51.4394503502594,51.4397315990195,51.4398211810259,51.4400334639307,51.4400483526976,51.440055774851,51.4404255559659,51.4407970781752,51.4409894013776,51.4411886255737,51.4413126248641,51.4414213683458,51.4414746362724,51.4414671474186,51.4414637524246,51.4414009673656,51.4410956900078,51.4410398103335,51.4409476002498,51.4407550301262,51.4407393279059,51.440836508566,51.4404548104687,51.4403597797623,51.4402815025526,51.4400261367375,51.4394584718271,51.4392419650449,51.4391974910154,51.4390676506436,51.4389604414498,51.4390121527739,51.4389614722902,51.4387915226478,51.4387156865242,51.4386432875128,51.4385122819988,51.4384728791439,51.4384295401471,51.4384131952054,51.4383850177624,51.4383492808896,51.4383047993864,51.4382101519725,51.4381540701957,51.4380689457486,51.437945437253,51.4378792435122,51.4378629359496,51.4378317896579,51.4378290505661,51.4378265520834,51.4378293360054,51.4378469595878,51.4378506184099,51.4378307772499,51.4377961980056,51.4377669703153,51.4377495625082,51.4377463835013,51.4379146807472,51.4379421019334,51.4379777866692,51.4380126164401,51.4380465474757,51.4380796235423,51.4381126995912,51.4381173026031,51.4381569103711,51.438345720875,51.4384976812642,51.438568014231,51.4385979938575,51.4386124368593,51.4386250823872,51.4386368510274,51.4386468221918,51.4386567933211,51.4386649669743,51.4386731624553,51.4386795604583,51.4386841609833,51.4386887614711,51.4386915644806,51.4386919360942,51.438693840332,51.4386939470911,51.4386931550921,51.438690565614,51.4386879979538,51.4386835891034,51.4386783033498,51.4386711982636,51.4386529285576,51.4386185628503,51.4385371285465,51.4385234446025,51.4384491581481,51.4385055349795,51.4387434452755,51.4388607767861,51.4385819101612,51.4386645419951,51.4387343236782,51.4387427019707,51.4386982066638,51.4385950809105,51.4385150811139,51.4384059877608,51.4383431214491,51.4382537050356,51.438201657334,51.4381849754462,51.4381829991078,51.4381390986723,51.4380191219648,51.4378566273175,51.4375437340129,51.43691547604,51.4366550206946,51.4364120039846,51.4361781448032,51.4359294742763,51.4356957349004,51.4355062069739,51.4352819136096,51.4352202263728,51.4350943993756,51.4349493590144,51.4348136270487,51.4346737371641,51.4345647620018,51.4344426701756,51.4343510999222,51.4340851595307,51.4338440156026,51.4337255883971,51.4334822999499,51.4332700347801,51.4331530812071,51.4329086734066,51.4327636617632,51.4326640033621,51.4326256844421,51.4325960308979,51.4325661864372,51.432637849463,51.4328316549777,51.4332030910096,51.4334393946005,51.4335267866679,51.4337902048461,51.4340950529665,51.4341684942388,51.4342375061621,51.4343479908377,51.4343956903859,51.4344823164768,51.4345119124905,51.434571190221,51.4346632531109,51.4347125586534,51.4349683493536,51.4350321412981,51.4350860470097,51.4351413643309,51.4352146349151,51.4352986474336,51.4354599954375,51.4355643788051,51.4357166095167,51.4358937049056,51.436077946238,51.4363612415844,51.4365675025368,51.4366490102754,51.4367270087436,51.4368006420428,51.4369500273713,51.4370311932275,51.4372404099467,51.4372906972564,51.4376265338274,51.4381216647019,51.4384833546584,51.4393361365531,51.4397878115491,51.4405916474787,51.4409726530675,51.4412086890838,51.4414826722056,51.4417151070471,51.4419184265693,51.4422227677999,51.4427441489427,51.4430965883233,51.4431330048795,51.4436122731486,51.4441748122881,51.4447186848525,51.4460776779953,51.4463602697295,51.4468999266181,51.4473710783049,51.4478540407513,51.4485133824218,51.44891041838,51.4490829026469,51.4491257882413,51.4491803358498,51.4501187432523,51.4516658834049,51.4529060175436,51.4549321834559,51.4552644174444,51.4556384862018,51.4559918412,51.4564822144134,51.456927029304,51.4569323789912,51.4573333904131,51.4576821678667,51.4583400498434,51.4588055355567,51.458967244564,51.4591601312763,51.4593318540848,51.4594984634762,51.4596045148014,51.4597331632072,51.4597792985664,51.4598501062076,51.4598608696507,51.4602686043611,51.4603033344555,51.4603033558313,51.4604850734814,51.4610083138734,51.4610323659326,51.4616608431035,51.4623846702857,51.463040576353,51.4634650128488,51.4646515146128,51.4648940791931,51.4652163872739,51.4652280558532,51.465204100908,51.4650720535668,51.4650516581032,51.4650456194725,51.4650587669146,51.4652382794111,51.4652303184444,51.4651772524978,51.4650475684045,51.4644126586005,51.4643688596472,51.4643170361662,51.464257166534,51.4639910539573,51.464272019577,51.4644528700585,51.4649296608853,51.4653230654006,51.4653799017916,51.4657091716637,51.466031066613,51.4660418946545,51.4661359671622,51.4662694632679,51.4663627117255,51.4666338471012,51.4675684541472,51.4677142110016,51.4678467569788,51.4681448848931,51.4683985082257,51.4688222916428,51.4691845832948,51.4696931618629,51.4700719676212,51.4703522390981,51.4707721908509,51.4712569494916,51.4716740774616,51.4716821876538,51.4720358532403,51.4721012648301,51.4721512680109,51.4722055696181,51.4724156606735,51.4724991768074,51.472516100709,51.4725542469112,51.4726141887484,51.4727935950825,51.4727967667569,51.4728319609321,51.4728333548398,51.4728195655312,51.4727775031355,51.4727550435511,51.4727216689901,51.4725400386182,51.4723749047919,51.4722166177287,51.4721736687132,51.4721402795923,51.4721207048506,51.4721196617034,51.4721292151897,51.4721253753925,51.471970716312,51.4719327237465,51.4719213520393,51.471877365241,51.4717106370252,51.4714469148988,51.4713832037424,51.4713045807587,51.4711848507101,51.4710933079101,51.4708569959439,51.4707623326044,51.4707609373898,51.4707697768339,51.4707841829663,51.4708032570853,51.4708278107092,51.4708622720234,51.470899603913,51.4709443653916,51.4710189372031,51.4710936616455,51.4712481274199,51.4713029444661,51.4713771796306,51.4713907694161,51.4714051707111,51.4714319360398,51.4715212021792]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.244562394525054,-0.244599320172113,-0.244844556993495,-0.245004706957631,-0.245283551174249,-0.245434317047997,-0.245329344589783,-0.24551515163453,-0.245577086880902,-0.245607040187852,-0.245609220137082,-0.245578976104535,-0.245466992646855,-0.245464517860844,-0.24542475783049,-0.245358808258378,-0.245285675777181,-0.24504492678347,-0.244973820562021,-0.244887748292518,-0.244840800740008,-0.24482189490852,-0.2447158229274,-0.244621356052257,-0.244556827507824,-0.244776670495564,-0.244771453453947,-0.244727310425948,-0.244709404830595,-0.244652229769563,-0.244640462909713,-0.244763480396168,-0.244638417252131,-0.244545102381268,-0.244420592949063,-0.244559708256374,-0.244595912291178,-0.245004511458192,-0.24513164422449,-0.245292566355505,-0.245372899178943,-0.246005375524221,-0.246355362270452,-0.246905748151743,-0.247253988462307,-0.247496350307261,-0.247767447302033,-0.247979845785135,-0.24858278277138,-0.248890587028638,-0.249234592733949,-0.249246897069326,-0.249394171043947,-0.250015417310079,-0.250735588193815,-0.251025894293462,-0.251128222137811,-0.250992657651919,-0.25127158636315,-0.2513207754035,-0.251348099849478,-0.251363320020469,-0.251646229640746,-0.25184351532412,-0.252142481576564,-0.252366275288255,-0.252839275573415,-0.252762093597656,-0.253023194689765,-0.253083914815465,-0.253144868826358,-0.253114687674095,-0.253110264592396,-0.253080743001875,-0.253075938499289,-0.25307333004509,-0.25311035088739,-0.253183142627614,-0.253258987305624,-0.253243377793592,-0.253325346629864,-0.25335598690028,-0.253365857799825,-0.253407546993714,-0.253492365640373,-0.253666120751196,-0.253923531627042,-0.254175285061423,-0.254372217898176,-0.254425392650876,-0.254479803879035,-0.254502123824569,-0.254511963927278,-0.254562501533756,-0.255072305081513,-0.255067881842855,-0.255090373884579,-0.254868045882763,-0.254568042559866,-0.254558305413356,-0.254539756100215,-0.254307488997205,-0.253659207082728,-0.253684163589159,-0.253764450304664,-0.253712332228431,-0.252794262611858,-0.25259151514012,-0.252543717018517,-0.252527242264868,-0.252515381661655,-0.251246439352748,-0.251046473256993,-0.250838152613411,-0.250334650055854,-0.250027809007362,-0.249928994172562,-0.249891602651306,-0.249875376848276,-0.249868996703081,-0.249676782517271,-0.249487448702362,-0.249440457551052,-0.24943109373773,-0.249348188497358,-0.249280406029551,-0.24903980217263,-0.248080849107024,-0.248034183965734,-0.248011192399308,-0.246645032038061,-0.24628458832787,-0.245702706526587,-0.245715899364,-0.24571154458975,-0.24602277191114,-0.246229150076639,-0.246281243279912,-0.246380187420774,-0.246435463135824,-0.24647668277433,-0.246511098092239,-0.246517211459951,-0.246513770215146,-0.245176273651589,-0.245086811603223,-0.245356445068534,-0.245466599367844,-0.245746582357116,-0.245779806939912,-0.245775823973405,-0.245850407232831,-0.245951226269274,-0.246053973386426,-0.24621675177377,-0.246230291619569,-0.24643976234593,-0.246447644853864,-0.24665028167628,-0.247208584852578,-0.247721363459645,-0.248401810341311,-0.248813460360818,-0.248996318319941,-0.249051893374373,-0.249070542479002,-0.24909190008604,-0.249132816635406,-0.249284038419299,-0.249361235452203,-0.249439929147136,-0.249752191367409,-0.250226572055469,-0.250604863702891,-0.250704794516096,-0.250713535397642,-0.250720835744296,-0.250728136101554,-0.250732555369497,-0.250735499658461,-0.250737037833223,-0.250736934531,-0.250736997719915,-0.250735654787873,-0.250732836863194,-0.250727172254257,-0.250721507635991,-0.250713065194904,-0.25070331992161,-0.250692134075013,-0.250679542088001,-0.250666915649485,-0.25065144250433,-0.250637409904213,-0.250628112222328,-0.250598709693493,-0.250567900965658,-0.25053421102778,-0.250499080441353,-0.250485392066104,-0.250305077651119,-0.250589175341629,-0.250691904702017,-0.251923483032,-0.252018637736867,-0.252093019474351,-0.252255220266168,-0.252452516700966,-0.252641202285754,-0.252660594468171,-0.252639134608468,-0.252529260877861,-0.252392820564475,-0.252303584391726,-0.251134966394311,-0.250667991457703,-0.25036494664748,-0.250295362523473,-0.25029501799867,-0.250294758215163,-0.250295676023826,-0.250621129544056,-0.250560505778765,-0.250236800342279,-0.250066102393603,-0.250135772842784,-0.25046851820038,-0.250392417153112,-0.249644603297306,-0.249568741084899,-0.249434857985348,-0.249342925460516,-0.249325945367021,-0.248854516826423,-0.248477230004065,-0.248508162827453,-0.247725957460845,-0.246955728808846,-0.246634955717952,-0.246329729637181,-0.246048869479986,-0.246006806506412,-0.245922749610662,-0.245840168138947,-0.245550750681565,-0.245406486036937,-0.24526907319431,-0.245340220957068,-0.246286728371059,-0.246372537872892,-0.246994553483826,-0.246944654718952,-0.246938683792923,-0.246582745699876,-0.246435469374151,-0.246371174883184,-0.24631140053296,-0.246214011225903,-0.246037921512863,-0.244757884720161,-0.244504437385978,-0.243934178505555,-0.243649413842306,-0.243513665891102,-0.243428996317394,-0.243230250342031,-0.24210321491244,-0.241101872723953,-0.240935471656608,-0.240499530679852,-0.240129436347384,-0.23949146478875,-0.239252094835645,-0.238569226713508,-0.237350121473597,-0.236799819777431,-0.236485762083832,-0.235452872846361,-0.23538750860816,-0.235104297929368,-0.235088343134675,-0.234628794138668,-0.234423880320177,-0.23421838388005,-0.234188645420058,-0.233860032960838,-0.233253089486244,-0.232949154571273,-0.232354928363234,-0.231614106594473,-0.231394108866028,-0.23109812717038,-0.230742430263379,-0.230469634713913,-0.2300772560577,-0.229918885131167,-0.229428517109283,-0.229198137884288,-0.228811992964182,-0.2287163820221,-0.228503133845418,-0.228727736883045,-0.228365715692301,-0.228324897504622,-0.228269915210838,-0.228207589317707,-0.228019321662021,-0.227826792586197,-0.227740068544771,-0.22758837354478,-0.227507857825671,-0.227457923542368,-0.227412162581181,-0.227377709176939,-0.227355061621034,-0.227347659812505,-0.227350562640496,-0.227414195723221,-0.22741689294067,-0.227392007892025,-0.227375003814033,-0.227298787993804,-0.227271445308323,-0.227195200341853,-0.226619904418706,-0.226733526512725,-0.226729425739927,-0.226820454554121,-0.228070953387758,-0.228077162486972,-0.228301584422097,-0.226722789415285,-0.226768458702075,-0.226701127616814,-0.226625886495167,-0.226563156635885,-0.226528714071974,-0.226484162042741,-0.226472672629347,-0.226426810604511,-0.226369686901501,-0.225894806936765,-0.225677559266973,-0.225299074589942,-0.225077188216975,-0.224917540572112,-0.224747461150394,-0.224464288172443,-0.224277205852929,-0.224299896491486,-0.224315070170865,-0.223668166055854,-0.222927844888432,-0.222751236352168,-0.222604056713716,-0.222402234233289,-0.222277029878832,-0.222032251472028,-0.221757252879562,-0.221480113547305,-0.221478918210335,-0.221463308851173,-0.22149718611154,-0.221359907007877,-0.221131687685811,-0.2205380573209,-0.220435988082761,-0.220345962877528,-0.220333910833618,-0.22026897968613,-0.220139363489357,-0.220040387872764,-0.219937127150377,-0.219882139602648,-0.219834423694162,-0.219789588527418,-0.219768471149151,-0.219570826371373,-0.219518402069586,-0.219300798800552,-0.219286533196688,-0.218844567065654,-0.217888690136023,-0.218053329699148,-0.217840877864895,-0.217793139485831,-0.217647008735966,-0.21760050011064,-0.217555326479745,-0.217511557989651,-0.217489673734852,-0.217246206341242,-0.217209744146115,-0.216994995526059,-0.216960252749917,-0.216963270251018,-0.216993513466116,-0.217010092830102,-0.216984307328735,-0.216913062881079,-0.216859664502065,-0.216815363850062,-0.216841809405103,-0.216613021640298,-0.216511079900056,-0.216462181739443,-0.216430775462868,-0.21609201252124,-0.216086215626471,-0.215817108111949,-0.215611887457056,-0.215393008852008,-0.215202938433216,-0.215397394315217,-0.215862105978483,-0.215882408548981,-0.216086980557,-0.216144586703762,-0.216155298519084,-0.21616959259841,-0.216189292960502,-0.216227430802089,-0.216056923243772,-0.21596345095575,-0.216243253954332,-0.216319404691149,-0.216322284925979,-0.216363488070688,-0.216388217020718,-0.217180977271116,-0.217990768220564,-0.217748347453506,-0.217588445618971,-0.217573446286486,-0.217636387141352,-0.217598414254117,-0.217418598908043,-0.217040565650993,-0.217008882540175,-0.216582148736682,-0.216409721728814,-0.216375580687913,-0.216342179208344,-0.216236039111496,-0.216019112329823,-0.215375939353821,-0.214966555472043,-0.215075186373401,-0.214718491010783,-0.214369671329203,-0.214133102245247,-0.213062662539836,-0.212592458409812,-0.211943332096072,-0.211678613630008,-0.211507906061807,-0.210825117913299,-0.210270104137537,-0.210051793000912,-0.209922221933528,-0.209587096245981,-0.208967478642069,-0.208209520972362,-0.208001442231423,-0.20738852918937,-0.207317785538581,-0.207308694307668,-0.207298163303027,-0.207281837919211,-0.207264037510546,-0.207248834598561,-0.207225204577821,-0.207198624496844,-0.207169094356588,-0.207136614157336,-0.207135597529847,-0.207103575784085,-0.206840057095897,-0.206719270014038,-0.206590896517518,-0.206327544980217,-0.206009208581044,-0.205616959971942,-0.2051915371277,-0.204783854041628,-0.204865405109336,-0.204385818448325,-0.204036969121935,-0.203787693676196,-0.203638369645479,-0.20344836354293,-0.203189580207646,-0.203027937570033,-0.20313142816292,-0.203094111305379,-0.203002766938825,-0.202780413813434,-0.20256979252703,-0.202425555501858,-0.202247545462532,-0.20186438880457,-0.201835358462155,-0.202308238900199,-0.202387075562236,-0.201774496576937,-0.200935695760961,-0.200934291537185,-0.200623285182677,-0.200374824690992,-0.199580953709077,-0.199374554403709,-0.198950762812088,-0.199025844298593,-0.198298986428992,-0.198222044334158,-0.198066473187583,-0.197902053063379,-0.197727415325437,-0.197543928635016,-0.197099720482075,-0.196448207380711,-0.195987919658517,-0.195324355913779,-0.195115640812524,-0.194912862135314,-0.194717459372576,-0.194680920311796,-0.194494404127428,-0.194316703318757,-0.194143392944143,-0.194005075876118,-0.193621050694398,-0.193251780272023,-0.193190576249717,-0.192953314067629,-0.192724832922275,-0.192575380432471,-0.192029931734661,-0.19182106076753,-0.191775657457326,-0.191733026248532,-0.191707987711064,-0.191391539377364,-0.191213504056228,-0.191026691753717,-0.190864366965506,-0.190794817159049,-0.190658561265531,-0.190445347000209,-0.190221916641018,-0.190156224037511,-0.189519654494324,-0.189041343427686,-0.188353225932725,-0.188281089174773,-0.188195022714351,-0.187589566070851,-0.187403379772714,-0.187224533458732,-0.187217550915632,-0.187046080237996,-0.186881949491882,-0.186880581512771,-0.186729882007114,-0.186549979478732,-0.186364333396036,-0.186236949048999,-0.18616679181048,-0.186042416725161,-0.185770473351311,-0.185685164041403,-0.185632434953115,-0.185374787072255,-0.184669046393364,-0.184576985109622,-0.1843394828217,-0.184033354486064,-0.183880909825793,-0.183890580095698,-0.183930437407759,-0.183960981410607,-0.184024448033593,-0.184126011424206,-0.184084002448833,-0.184174551889495,-0.184108469603037,-0.184019312311738,-0.183972711988975,-0.183312511374606,-0.183044886078751,-0.182988829840454,-0.182901147569985,-0.182818068563204,-0.182688175665803,-0.18262650571632,-0.182494173628563,-0.182424950634428,-0.182211177666197,-0.180748640891739,-0.1806599566389,-0.180532342766469,-0.180402136520918,-0.180291033057729,-0.180000067073506,-0.179895078049359,-0.179744464440219,-0.179461473895254,-0.179436141139776,-0.179424118883787,-0.179807780461627,-0.179861015052596,-0.179927424080957,-0.180158150164809,-0.180202907088918,-0.180288573163552,-0.180355192015845,-0.180295242273053,-0.180265155891069,-0.18024898698503,-0.180563936438062,-0.180672679955841,-0.180823833170808,-0.18117377204016,-0.181675649184227,-0.182325730608322,-0.182842000085317,-0.183415557214096,-0.183580500022752,-0.183637451108001,-0.183719184372487,-0.183812428410837,-0.184493534158898,-0.184819097393861,-0.185367379492398,-0.185907009725315,-0.186381234866558,-0.18703528737866,-0.188508169450471,-0.188795744635679,-0.18899679190107,-0.189214997666091,-0.190247454167504,-0.190434003088665,-0.190521148890987,-0.190703575428641,-0.190853601737029,-0.193426628990155,-0.19370951953134,-0.193852066413916,-0.194307115078057,-0.195413780410738,-0.197172529023138,-0.197268941562482,-0.197399142516845,-0.197471578649145,-0.197481109979751,-0.197517646699898,-0.197550105647911,-0.198108219072257,-0.19840936589168,-0.19861154126062,-0.198787464216734,-0.198962997897548,-0.199131125314994,-0.199222996317955,-0.199437649181895,-0.199735457331993,-0.19988098853054,-0.200050731806315,-0.200175624717476,-0.200274513153675,-0.200972690602901,-0.201485734215076,-0.201739934485942,-0.201849107501459,-0.201922910805554,-0.201924349616768,-0.202391141866249,-0.203480054274932,-0.204148413561347,-0.204712651905212,-0.205546324641078,-0.205743715007427,-0.205915876476656,-0.206089618174454,-0.206242270906577,-0.20766115339492,-0.208799583616872,-0.208792909051462,-0.209351390513656,-0.20943404662915,-0.210445172272519,-0.210741083883564,-0.210588692680726,-0.210686672383037,-0.210460434243595,-0.210554378958841,-0.210564310593277,-0.21093650915194,-0.210815155205946,-0.211006709827209,-0.21271223000199,-0.21424793212987,-0.215493634956408,-0.215871801867131,-0.21623888234265,-0.216687815623711,-0.216923709552856,-0.217155007895868,-0.217823192332962,-0.217922243765642,-0.218960164018384,-0.218890500147677,-0.219014298961698,-0.219104183240448,-0.220278452549659,-0.221948383194271,-0.221904301670318,-0.222238763163273,-0.222337977135155,-0.222671111017894,-0.222788079388947,-0.222727258280535,-0.22286992927564,-0.223359381326742,-0.223375960649395,-0.223420605536233,-0.223549525920173,-0.22363599774768,-0.223702391623162,-0.223834187237167,-0.224063277367887,-0.224051526148347,-0.224034890325853,-0.224011127567255,-0.223971531939448,-0.223900270569021,-0.223685543297511,-0.22376375310593,-0.223892736601768,-0.224078772601687,-0.224088010287568,-0.224320953136397,-0.22433953368227,-0.224382842411845,-0.224466787497297,-0.22502104366422,-0.225628056008595,-0.226781103848992,-0.226727573355008,-0.227166582264118,-0.227198495685072,-0.22738063527844,-0.227455664872556,-0.22762139255938,-0.228600955427594,-0.228635945884376,-0.228658758138213,-0.2286593384716,-0.228630430454398,-0.228690300442841,-0.228820024622525,-0.229186455260918,-0.229333514519904,-0.230711940381685,-0.23085721351408,-0.231039220748838,-0.233138021538308,-0.233240011269784,-0.234152155997532,-0.234396997142455,-0.234409953807082,-0.23501664606706,-0.235056884846441,-0.235278050668861,-0.235376310344294,-0.235425604731527,-0.235474309226041,-0.235511149721992,-0.235645607542012,-0.23598310554346,-0.236053179051512,-0.236105421959156,-0.236157526103973,-0.23620935276195,-0.236282496403399,-0.236480524226529,-0.23748075419545,-0.238258724819408,-0.23826786301098,-0.239141504865721,-0.239735525281617,-0.239797172738399,-0.240558741380663,-0.240597015415333,-0.240837307247833,-0.240914216619794,-0.241212175203326,-0.241510236637256,-0.242075376584754,-0.24308987755215,-0.243245296413374,-0.243301728427659,-0.243407970212202,-0.243643958942519,-0.243632280442898,-0.244562394525054],"lat":[51.48870217634,51.4887908548443,51.4890813838325,51.489037020032,51.4892776934373,51.489477782548,51.4895481513295,51.4898485805091,51.4899987813079,51.4901565968009,51.4902123824288,51.4908126237272,51.4916283594098,51.4916552996444,51.4920530689795,51.4927202190023,51.4930491465394,51.4942541250319,51.4946802007398,51.495045803223,51.495367928339,51.4955600830821,51.4955836743143,51.4957926829082,51.4960848697699,51.4960998503754,51.4961231525726,51.4963347128792,51.4965008045498,51.4966015630788,51.4967578549597,51.4973433037742,51.4975986149705,51.4975900243217,51.4979433608692,51.497959831094,51.4979549775443,51.497894548785,51.4981104705547,51.4983844491541,51.4983559760891,51.4981307349837,51.4980208659008,51.4978321605931,51.4976925877888,51.4976089832828,51.4974898379693,51.4973985908662,51.4971540106132,51.4970542949559,51.4969497234813,51.4969669927392,51.4971841097309,51.4979658290921,51.4990241880434,51.4993441510196,51.4994185154229,51.4994596573684,51.4997758530578,51.49984582798,51.4998471346275,51.4998635478813,51.5001887943873,51.500379676398,51.500661997455,51.5008379865152,51.5011660624124,51.5012251616796,51.5014053021866,51.5013999119423,51.5014637666151,51.5015748228172,51.5015774546565,51.5015958989752,51.5016461848405,51.5016767201403,51.501763598575,51.502120781689,51.5024735140016,51.5025802910413,51.5026975137152,51.5028382514029,51.5028815619035,51.5029217492847,51.5030021454478,51.5031306262727,51.5033322914427,51.5035689421525,51.5037697060499,51.5038487312912,51.5038954022932,51.5039146184968,51.5039210596166,51.5039559828191,51.504302581765,51.5043052136755,51.5043199361278,51.5044443202217,51.5041880690148,51.5041789317147,51.5041741594668,51.5042192615327,51.5042914414332,51.5043547597772,51.5045537878192,51.5045602057525,51.5046787210908,51.5047053754974,51.5047118572743,51.5045398570847,51.5045109047081,51.5046484591094,51.5046400819751,51.5045488498588,51.504452314986,51.5044504348602,51.5044345726081,51.5045455203933,51.50459293798,51.504609029091,51.5045863774552,51.5045637684931,51.5046619835057,51.5046807277798,51.5046633040207,51.50443928079,51.5044761548509,51.5046084108146,51.5044350596952,51.5043582808593,51.5045132172818,51.5045563872624,51.5046250198793,51.5046566906153,51.5046575247195,51.505370780627,51.5058126958599,51.5059195850998,51.5061197965229,51.5062564081836,51.5063838172687,51.5065758698745,51.506679373847,51.5067314783066,51.5067384519138,51.5067416095751,51.5075999214916,51.5078083944971,51.5084726243642,51.5086205965814,51.5089118906315,51.5091836771949,51.5094477628919,51.5099618658676,51.5102637466105,51.5102864300455,51.5107985313365,51.5108184324457,51.5112459026448,51.5119439634761,51.5124767806787,51.513222521358,51.5136872796411,51.5138797488615,51.5139714015735,51.5140112464543,51.514055627955,51.5142288925088,51.5147203353877,51.5149247154437,51.5152028553141,51.5158171986854,51.5173538800469,51.5185402217133,51.5190920454629,51.5191272460815,51.5191624252166,51.5191976043512,51.5192327405201,51.5192687539303,51.5193038471336,51.5193065433057,51.5193425137503,51.5193775639881,51.519413491467,51.5194484772562,51.5194834630449,51.5195157096952,51.5195443399656,51.5195729487517,51.5196006373292,51.519629224629,51.5196568702359,51.5196845373244,51.5197014841757,51.5197541006879,51.5198057969831,51.5198574502987,51.5199090821178,51.5199277619469,51.5201570757329,51.5204166965063,51.5206322470503,51.5222350628573,51.5227616352293,51.5231907803587,51.5235852644024,51.5239667824743,51.5243850406102,51.5245939523689,51.5247779762114,51.5250874753568,51.5252248244315,51.5253341010651,51.5265252584276,51.5268986726827,51.5270946829173,51.5271799717588,51.5271889589851,51.5273085535641,51.5273598237332,51.5277828225146,51.5278223840743,51.5280306751782,51.5281962861442,51.5282216048043,51.5283416700631,51.5284088770357,51.5290748463253,51.5291357616784,51.5292434706985,51.5291971369732,51.5291887904444,51.5294892929458,51.5297408419773,51.5297988549479,51.5303078315265,51.5307297559902,51.5308607467496,51.5309622942491,51.5310300342799,51.5310365992686,51.5310479317607,51.5310583870183,51.5310486635676,51.5310510021081,51.5312126078196,51.5312370521679,51.5315560466587,51.5315366469738,51.5317833418596,51.5318437442688,51.5318490504592,51.5322196116705,51.5324503124772,51.5325851360616,51.5327523996826,51.5326978888524,51.5326278135236,51.5321707403672,51.5320878151698,51.5319201153815,51.5318268279143,51.5317951206577,51.5317848605197,51.5317791867118,51.5318054670424,51.5318623967593,51.5318778864646,51.5319288999707,51.5319548218169,51.5319731257949,51.5319740294865,51.5319601812835,51.5320183052791,51.532155711944,51.5322238294447,51.5324250139795,51.532437519346,51.5324908101279,51.5324932678077,51.5325951609081,51.5326370389551,51.5325449214904,51.5325309853003,51.5323416947776,51.5320052331062,51.5318118154335,51.5315196032223,51.5311784178218,51.5310887744329,51.5309880932823,51.530865828297,51.5308365350427,51.5307308002251,51.530687944966,51.530543860594,51.5304990182619,51.5304185519455,51.5304674656842,51.530352740047,51.5298777367233,51.5292131280763,51.5291504641541,51.5290812916237,51.529015605105,51.5288517976861,51.5286492583101,51.5285436364399,51.5283291242113,51.5281750370624,51.5280501875923,51.5278921293199,51.5277027685304,51.527506392213,51.5272886645324,51.5271025659256,51.5262807237463,51.5262483918953,51.5259611585723,51.5258422020503,51.5253176930807,51.5251680061563,51.5247927703447,51.5247957646602,51.5223533491727,51.5219765057186,51.5219338190358,51.5213574187822,51.5211974479015,51.5210974251924,51.5197723682849,51.5197469807206,51.5196992023609,51.5196324203319,51.5195775175323,51.5195365309856,51.5195331596643,51.5195320867082,51.5194882297506,51.5195116455052,51.5190836196373,51.5188878962018,51.5185017917226,51.5182772212487,51.5181201360194,51.5179718850879,51.5176555625344,51.517499859591,51.5174723266341,51.5174527730448,51.5167424695921,51.5159147450171,51.5157124376722,51.5156427644395,51.5152737148511,51.5150838758997,51.5147447487663,51.5143305258961,51.513897385795,51.5138910729796,51.5138108037998,51.5136440585591,51.5134684233105,51.5131115603956,51.5122203996726,51.512065979995,51.5118613854184,51.5118378222633,51.5117289280117,51.5115048484306,51.5113450798679,51.5111843469388,51.5110792003285,51.51097236557,51.5108655745125,51.5108157956792,51.5103406935238,51.5102068098771,51.5096154019559,51.5095747194677,51.509637250254,51.509759415244,51.5102304219867,51.5102460781679,51.5102507482514,51.5102656133217,51.5102756974691,51.5102884996131,51.5103022223367,51.5103090836923,51.5103809197102,51.5103920556469,51.5101343056717,51.5101014047853,51.5100241158002,51.5099877066108,51.5099690745521,51.5099282166533,51.5097967434126,51.5096880225028,51.5095677497277,51.5094440563046,51.5093245754872,51.5092411943241,51.5092017833334,51.5091203739089,51.5091601840964,51.509124126218,51.509114637429,51.5085395969992,51.5080560711002,51.5076467210492,51.507611911782,51.5075200650383,51.5075167769018,51.5075180900967,51.5075189662613,51.507466073845,51.5073952510507,51.5072228960195,51.5069474084433,51.506590513348,51.5064011497651,51.5063577456313,51.5063633999701,51.5063634437726,51.5064153272376,51.506446277568,51.5062928699756,51.5061460105095,51.5057484585407,51.505488845066,51.5054670352821,51.5054419137519,51.5053810873894,51.5051148763226,51.5045003423991,51.5044629917713,51.5039520281084,51.5037183004829,51.5036701213726,51.5036768073517,51.5037012711742,51.5033895311966,51.5027026156967,51.5023016175716,51.5022502155009,51.5016440914465,51.501131607489,51.5007701062691,51.4998473631744,51.4995290593492,51.4991441794712,51.4989872716286,51.4988947440034,51.4985237323621,51.4981276892979,51.4979265236391,51.4977770698077,51.4973951704061,51.4968101924149,51.4961898253867,51.4960220841635,51.4961485031743,51.4960422100764,51.4960168922316,51.4959915523773,51.4959670231923,51.4959433707025,51.4959269518813,51.4959050087608,51.4958848190286,51.4958663826827,51.495849699721,51.4958388932321,51.4958105270769,51.4956239512601,51.4955447692111,51.4954753627231,51.4953580302006,51.4952101808561,51.4950369201075,51.4948280797271,51.4946078191352,51.4945488179977,51.4942887877407,51.4940379516767,51.4938560831748,51.4937701660602,51.4936197790463,51.4934233756372,51.4933210825479,51.4932902954213,51.4932501567998,51.4931552355162,51.4929117293258,51.4926630070265,51.4924845438881,51.4922857794063,51.4918824380212,51.4918514185028,51.4916950055095,51.4916683373519,51.4911283900995,51.4903709484275,51.4903700276379,51.4900738999385,51.489981961089,51.4892917431343,51.4891195156098,51.4887982710309,51.4887571595063,51.488121916519,51.4880640817509,51.4879546808702,51.4878505392774,51.4877498374053,51.4876543947411,51.4874497316546,51.4872059087829,51.4873723835456,51.4869961795246,51.48688325903,51.486765933295,51.4866442245108,51.486621180788,51.4864933136938,51.4863610857943,51.4862271267318,51.4861188852943,51.4858135205837,51.4854993894198,51.4854444914923,51.4852160233696,51.484984093084,51.4848298165934,51.4842728663761,51.4840187553676,51.4840378387238,51.4840596625567,51.4840736644282,51.4837720319508,51.4835759473382,51.4833833240375,51.4832270481887,51.4831648262042,51.4830413252339,51.4828608830718,51.4826838798332,51.4826334072266,51.4820876278941,51.4816917661315,51.4810300801567,51.4809606226553,51.4808792596311,51.4804580466116,51.4803229789558,51.4801844274683,51.4801789240213,51.4800359900264,51.4798895722651,51.4798877526126,51.4797658220615,51.4798718492042,51.4797232994572,51.4795945348694,51.4795116178868,51.4793433326166,51.4789380597835,51.4788378223017,51.4787875476517,51.4786028113753,51.4780972997548,51.4780221359148,51.4778017391684,51.4775326188343,51.4774187507175,51.4773928222234,51.4773682605205,51.4773606403261,51.4773580262617,51.4773389163857,51.4772726205099,51.4772407505122,51.4771641900852,51.4771610108132,51.4771378078226,51.4771905285397,51.4771486132952,51.4771459461548,51.4771418896376,51.477130710387,51.4771017197673,51.4770953684443,51.4770915188286,51.4770940428339,51.477146482524,51.4776390709631,51.4776601762571,51.4776824759227,51.4776975412128,51.4777030110551,51.477704789939,51.4777013618002,51.4776864342997,51.4776325820805,51.4776178007391,51.4775942335456,51.4760597724103,51.4758438791966,51.4756587650022,51.4748907884641,51.4747431066097,51.4747615219084,51.4747157946987,51.47466630475,51.4746262707573,51.4745621729624,51.4737037790008,51.4733592544721,51.4729983020492,51.4723095085543,51.4714567087757,51.4703885855315,51.4695710746897,51.4687607439384,51.4685591691647,51.4684665292367,51.4683661799151,51.4682660088415,51.4676470809262,51.4673886408019,51.4669960614684,51.466676185145,51.4664443206097,51.4662521042975,51.4658144531694,51.4657145827586,51.4656547407301,51.4655978611182,51.4653017618963,51.4652443913822,51.465225053572,51.4651990928181,51.4651915161201,51.464855303759,51.4648371810612,51.4648366793149,51.4648337966477,51.4648814097357,51.4649678169954,51.4652246867192,51.4652087035578,51.4651972276976,51.4651380236706,51.4651241973616,51.4650311742707,51.4650433499972,51.4650003175048,51.4649845396863,51.4649773507212,51.4649800472712,51.464988025304,51.4649948318949,51.4650278038339,51.4649964069273,51.4649932459154,51.4649967511832,51.4650058624744,51.4650172722167,51.4651287032632,51.4651887308531,51.4652411894573,51.4652473601022,51.4652377009649,51.4652377230304,51.4653024328261,51.4655826032381,51.4657205358686,51.4658703591509,51.4661250196677,51.4661945850364,51.4662466782779,51.4662951984425,51.4663308062127,51.4666051941831,51.4668357137403,51.4668958614851,51.4670096043149,51.4669209417014,51.467130616718,51.4672214607596,51.4673630149732,51.4674346517064,51.4676605074319,51.4677248886918,51.4677286372642,51.4674888221206,51.4674258214075,51.4673136404446,51.4679178681854,51.4684844138345,51.4689566009257,51.4691170266074,51.4693033605901,51.4695691729562,51.4697229349665,51.4698838205969,51.4704353259756,51.4705168645425,51.471372532436,51.4714236306038,51.4714983501501,51.4714826296889,51.4724617547835,51.4738782250426,51.4739009370067,51.4742612109682,51.474376020265,51.4749188199047,51.4751696841704,51.4752155231429,51.4753237966562,51.4765505921022,51.4766056973404,51.4767538501887,51.4772162175636,51.4776221884281,51.4780260565534,51.4799344547399,51.4817112373475,51.4817542231691,51.4817746538689,51.481793178135,51.4818114625973,51.4818292674311,51.4819069470214,51.4820439178296,51.4820602594618,51.4824245738249,51.4824462956212,51.48297498262,51.4830157300234,51.4832726707739,51.4834474962106,51.4842697040484,51.4851061960003,51.4865705222254,51.4866137757625,51.4871042070788,51.4870983948227,51.4873043774552,51.4873010153515,51.4874473993829,51.4884109030558,51.4884743786939,51.4885547560115,51.4886141148976,51.4888025195309,51.488818711009,51.4887793051332,51.4889134308506,51.4890586312167,51.4893950706631,51.489437728321,51.4894989247939,51.4903165041317,51.4902865671865,51.4904270989368,51.4904280877126,51.4904282827832,51.4903843599553,51.4904614012381,51.49044134926,51.4903960671965,51.4903878165023,51.490394844047,51.4904106854966,51.4904351895761,51.490424080378,51.4903999556037,51.4903899504881,51.4903835402351,51.4903843197308,51.4903926137497,51.4904495464289,51.4903980395303,51.4903575732625,51.4903073529369,51.4902512324044,51.4901621327743,51.4902071209939,51.4901061440348,51.4900473682379,51.4900168018223,51.4900395373221,51.4899702684546,51.489898302648,51.4897359194842,51.4894624658477,51.4893164191485,51.4892723023757,51.4892064506195,51.4891002776503,51.4890668307671,51.48870217634]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.183880909825793,-0.184033354486064,-0.1843394828217,-0.184576985109622,-0.184669046393364,-0.185374787072255,-0.185632434953115,-0.185685164041403,-0.185770473351311,-0.186042416725161,-0.18616679181048,-0.186236949048999,-0.186364333396036,-0.186549979478732,-0.186729882007114,-0.186880581512771,-0.186881949491882,-0.187046080237996,-0.187217550915632,-0.187224533458732,-0.187403379772714,-0.187589566070851,-0.188195022714351,-0.188281089174773,-0.188353225932725,-0.189041343427686,-0.189519654494324,-0.190156224037511,-0.190221916641018,-0.190445347000209,-0.190658561265531,-0.190794817159049,-0.190864366965506,-0.191026691753717,-0.191213504056228,-0.191391539377364,-0.191707987711064,-0.191733026248532,-0.191775657457326,-0.19182106076753,-0.192029931734661,-0.192575380432471,-0.192724832922275,-0.192953314067629,-0.193190576249717,-0.193251780272023,-0.193621050694398,-0.194005075876118,-0.194143392944143,-0.194316703318757,-0.194494404127428,-0.194680920311796,-0.194717459372576,-0.194912862135314,-0.195115640812524,-0.195324355913779,-0.195987919658517,-0.196448207380711,-0.197099720482075,-0.197543928635016,-0.197727415325437,-0.197902053063379,-0.198066473187583,-0.198222044334158,-0.198298986428992,-0.199025844298593,-0.198950762812088,-0.199374554403709,-0.199580953709077,-0.200374824690992,-0.200623285182677,-0.200934291537185,-0.200935695760961,-0.201774496576937,-0.202387075562236,-0.202308238900199,-0.201835358462155,-0.20186438880457,-0.202247545462532,-0.202425555501858,-0.20256979252703,-0.202780413813434,-0.203002766938825,-0.203094111305379,-0.20313142816292,-0.203027937570033,-0.203189580207646,-0.20344836354293,-0.203638369645479,-0.203787693676196,-0.204036969121935,-0.204385818448325,-0.204865405109336,-0.204783854041628,-0.2051915371277,-0.205616959971942,-0.206009208581044,-0.206327544980217,-0.206590896517518,-0.206719270014038,-0.206840057095897,-0.207103575784085,-0.207135597529847,-0.207136614157336,-0.207169094356588,-0.207198624496844,-0.207225204577821,-0.207248834598561,-0.207264037510546,-0.207281837919211,-0.207298163303027,-0.207308694307668,-0.207317785538581,-0.20738852918937,-0.208001442231423,-0.208209520972362,-0.208967478642069,-0.209587096245981,-0.209922221933528,-0.210051793000912,-0.210270104137537,-0.210825117913299,-0.211507906061807,-0.211678613630008,-0.211943332096072,-0.212592458409812,-0.213062662539836,-0.214133102245247,-0.214369671329203,-0.214718491010783,-0.215075186373401,-0.214966555472043,-0.215375939353821,-0.216019112329823,-0.216236039111496,-0.216342179208344,-0.216375580687913,-0.216409721728814,-0.216582148736682,-0.217008882540175,-0.217040565650993,-0.217418598908043,-0.217598414254117,-0.217636387141352,-0.217573446286486,-0.217588445618971,-0.217748347453506,-0.217990768220564,-0.217180977271116,-0.216388217020718,-0.216363488070688,-0.216322284925979,-0.216319404691149,-0.216243253954332,-0.21596345095575,-0.216056923243772,-0.216227430802089,-0.216189292960502,-0.21616959259841,-0.216155298519084,-0.216144586703762,-0.216086980557,-0.215882408548981,-0.215862105978483,-0.215397394315217,-0.215202938433216,-0.215393008852008,-0.215611887457056,-0.215817108111949,-0.216086215626471,-0.21609201252124,-0.216430775462868,-0.216462181739443,-0.216511079900056,-0.216613021640298,-0.216841809405103,-0.216815363850062,-0.216859664502065,-0.216913062881079,-0.216984307328735,-0.217010092830102,-0.216993513466116,-0.216963270251018,-0.216960252749917,-0.216994995526059,-0.217209744146115,-0.217246206341242,-0.217489673734852,-0.217511557989651,-0.217555326479745,-0.21760050011064,-0.217647008735966,-0.217793139485831,-0.217840877864895,-0.218053329699148,-0.217888690136023,-0.218844567065654,-0.219286533196688,-0.219300798800552,-0.219518402069586,-0.219570826371373,-0.219768471149151,-0.219789588527418,-0.219834423694162,-0.219882139602648,-0.219937127150377,-0.220040387872764,-0.220139363489357,-0.22026897968613,-0.220333910833618,-0.220345962877528,-0.220435988082761,-0.2205380573209,-0.221131687685811,-0.221359907007877,-0.22149718611154,-0.221463308851173,-0.221478918210335,-0.221480113547305,-0.221757252879562,-0.222032251472028,-0.222277029878832,-0.222402234233289,-0.222604056713716,-0.222751236352168,-0.222927844888432,-0.223668166055854,-0.224315070170865,-0.224299896491486,-0.224277205852929,-0.224464288172443,-0.224747461150394,-0.224917540572112,-0.225077188216975,-0.225299074589942,-0.225677559266973,-0.225894806936765,-0.226369686901501,-0.226426810604511,-0.226472672629347,-0.226484162042741,-0.226528714071974,-0.226563156635885,-0.226625886495167,-0.226701127616814,-0.226768458702075,-0.226722789415285,-0.228301584422097,-0.228077162486972,-0.228070953387758,-0.226820454554121,-0.226729425739927,-0.226733526512725,-0.226619904418706,-0.227195200341853,-0.227271445308323,-0.227298787993804,-0.227375003814033,-0.227392007892025,-0.22741689294067,-0.227414195723221,-0.227350562640496,-0.227347659812505,-0.227355061621034,-0.227377709176939,-0.227412162581181,-0.227457923542368,-0.227507857825671,-0.22758837354478,-0.227740068544771,-0.227826792586197,-0.228019321662021,-0.228207589317707,-0.228269915210838,-0.228324897504622,-0.228365715692301,-0.228727736883045,-0.228503133845418,-0.228372526283082,-0.228164390631489,-0.228009927153637,-0.227846644140604,-0.227718859739387,-0.227590935805096,-0.227588054051548,-0.227680559654567,-0.227685266174766,-0.226716881012173,-0.226200350868218,-0.22546537552265,-0.225463235753812,-0.225446606772199,-0.225016833694184,-0.224600798302995,-0.224296732173658,-0.223803836025501,-0.223633772012012,-0.223388182100981,-0.223087448980374,-0.222819926779955,-0.222669015799653,-0.222296587439579,-0.221903814386359,-0.221526652712881,-0.221005513506038,-0.220714669577998,-0.219517351094429,-0.21905778998803,-0.218712409306281,-0.218260300807012,-0.217979055243607,-0.217331767635156,-0.217067146453923,-0.216666947718953,-0.216391926792549,-0.216028912668804,-0.215815146558774,-0.215889960702285,-0.215906863291273,-0.21592394103855,-0.215923201903312,-0.21588788402686,-0.215832957093495,-0.215674961083377,-0.21557301710733,-0.215071211170088,-0.214599554914724,-0.213753439231859,-0.213315727381536,-0.212698449761644,-0.211962434934481,-0.211261176210331,-0.210278024902375,-0.209994059810701,-0.209578568491271,-0.209223942393915,-0.208837726890686,-0.208236600989933,-0.208069792657094,-0.207831441458454,-0.207607497906178,-0.207341455552617,-0.207319915087572,-0.206976044622541,-0.20672469970775,-0.206507897703639,-0.206178274992854,-0.205902293920771,-0.205691253411537,-0.205490060327286,-0.205190298326982,-0.205044343036734,-0.204537094331867,-0.20436531896786,-0.204076012796598,-0.203881526182531,-0.203558434669561,-0.203017960332364,-0.202803775626638,-0.202694014499424,-0.202584182752064,-0.201639382466434,-0.201625575667971,-0.201555487481827,-0.20153154578007,-0.201528049365372,-0.201488254791436,-0.201132043942382,-0.200636447521602,-0.200634014953012,-0.200772379322207,-0.200768022742394,-0.201244529885214,-0.201546658497729,-0.201768186574868,-0.202225613347033,-0.202669094959747,-0.203109052863386,-0.203498210021965,-0.203725907692483,-0.203766809070086,-0.203715488680131,-0.203580352086827,-0.203453656742638,-0.203419234568914,-0.203353300093716,-0.203303652670764,-0.203279041275292,-0.203209606292591,-0.20297027405548,-0.202379446752235,-0.201488156453198,-0.200747521940279,-0.199944566782896,-0.1998954393524,-0.199894034351093,-0.199207786505696,-0.195767416747427,-0.195072628010524,-0.194367326226598,-0.194065017616948,-0.193655411114073,-0.192984780234594,-0.192143783578032,-0.19172302732439,-0.190937397643279,-0.189720271093802,-0.188562739637679,-0.187933557981193,-0.18688345664662,-0.185621723102513,-0.184409386770161,-0.184259245084354,-0.183081020952099,-0.182615471711526,-0.182408800108748,-0.182061301101535,-0.181657502056413,-0.181374774115422,-0.180931310237058,-0.180336124702437,-0.179749340976717,-0.17957082679056,-0.173566988556587,-0.17355947166654,-0.172482485600115,-0.172472194953766,-0.171805482965793,-0.171801022412434,-0.171499595158254,-0.169643964900317,-0.16841458484227,-0.168202316105295,-0.168051244967279,-0.167928946898481,-0.167643871468101,-0.165803723309799,-0.165505763405361,-0.162857677138862,-0.162599011802781,-0.162367087973629,-0.161570182674098,-0.161344371426333,-0.161187652635932,-0.161023878256785,-0.16088861953193,-0.160781551203976,-0.160588875583255,-0.159173340985544,-0.158600390801092,-0.158477235016292,-0.158468667821866,-0.158502548937415,-0.158525361398007,-0.158525814331277,-0.15851715686422,-0.15850061158732,-0.158436531542903,-0.157874184757461,-0.157239735375327,-0.156096538714404,-0.156047626216785,-0.155678439444211,-0.155633091102271,-0.155547514651791,-0.155319441425502,-0.155636633577182,-0.155781823533485,-0.155847382975007,-0.155938831622515,-0.156013776089579,-0.155015262810514,-0.156008944250223,-0.155989586906043,-0.154818002812629,-0.155821108896499,-0.155701853393331,-0.155654790636846,-0.155568845789481,-0.155461163168996,-0.155196336823537,-0.155873929628211,-0.154917500051635,-0.15348565250178,-0.151724828798669,-0.151413832697195,-0.150366753224664,-0.150195267851164,-0.150119279124638,-0.150086567010071,-0.150003833152949,-0.150522871121193,-0.150855352340955,-0.151947299422473,-0.152326057600726,-0.152530284531463,-0.1529061762031,-0.154279581519952,-0.155114947620715,-0.155592350789745,-0.156103499880389,-0.156701807846061,-0.159477574068235,-0.161808774365441,-0.166440028951755,-0.167189074368584,-0.168371325457975,-0.169060592936136,-0.170063884911639,-0.170767897354412,-0.171096027210176,-0.17126885360469,-0.171603062851832,-0.171879482337563,-0.172315122870523,-0.172751299862532,-0.173211475738704,-0.173474071444501,-0.173906569895718,-0.174088622456442,-0.174246150087912,-0.174336141154606,-0.174546276849842,-0.175532473738462,-0.175675032158489,-0.175762609852758,-0.175900522292734,-0.176054399923141,-0.176173129206658,-0.176235264713118,-0.17629527965575,-0.176352236700193,-0.176461295056694,-0.177286236134306,-0.177342505118942,-0.177741927483923,-0.177838703558799,-0.177844854623368,-0.177549559032447,-0.17781470184709,-0.177993894639497,-0.178787626366516,-0.178936974830599,-0.179308568229568,-0.179405531059776,-0.1797867664585,-0.180409285254054,-0.180744465654514,-0.180821896051273,-0.182100359591511,-0.182773195568884,-0.182801811002327,-0.182814049262583,-0.183316086867093,-0.183369336440733,-0.183416579367894,-0.183463643787463,-0.183535899386768,-0.183650284022481,-0.183830145851882,-0.183880909825793],"lat":[51.4774187507175,51.4775326188343,51.4778017391684,51.4780221359148,51.4780972997548,51.4786028113753,51.4787875476517,51.4788378223017,51.4789380597835,51.4793433326166,51.4795116178868,51.4795945348694,51.4797232994572,51.4798718492042,51.4797658220615,51.4798877526126,51.4798895722651,51.4800359900264,51.4801789240213,51.4801844274683,51.4803229789558,51.4804580466116,51.4808792596311,51.4809606226553,51.4810300801567,51.4816917661315,51.4820876278941,51.4826334072266,51.4826838798332,51.4828608830718,51.4830413252339,51.4831648262042,51.4832270481887,51.4833833240375,51.4835759473382,51.4837720319508,51.4840736644282,51.4840596625567,51.4840378387238,51.4840187553676,51.4842728663761,51.4848298165934,51.484984093084,51.4852160233696,51.4854444914923,51.4854993894198,51.4858135205837,51.4861188852943,51.4862271267318,51.4863610857943,51.4864933136938,51.486621180788,51.4866442245108,51.486765933295,51.48688325903,51.4869961795246,51.4873723835456,51.4872059087829,51.4874497316546,51.4876543947411,51.4877498374053,51.4878505392774,51.4879546808702,51.4880640817509,51.488121916519,51.4887571595063,51.4887982710309,51.4891195156098,51.4892917431343,51.489981961089,51.4900738999385,51.4903700276379,51.4903709484275,51.4911283900995,51.4916683373519,51.4916950055095,51.4918514185028,51.4918824380212,51.4922857794063,51.4924845438881,51.4926630070265,51.4929117293258,51.4931552355162,51.4932501567998,51.4932902954213,51.4933210825479,51.4934233756372,51.4936197790463,51.4937701660602,51.4938560831748,51.4940379516767,51.4942887877407,51.4945488179977,51.4946078191352,51.4948280797271,51.4950369201075,51.4952101808561,51.4953580302006,51.4954753627231,51.4955447692111,51.4956239512601,51.4958105270769,51.4958388932321,51.495849699721,51.4958663826827,51.4958848190286,51.4959050087608,51.4959269518813,51.4959433707025,51.4959670231923,51.4959915523773,51.4960168922316,51.4960422100764,51.4961485031743,51.4960220841635,51.4961898253867,51.4968101924149,51.4973951704061,51.4977770698077,51.4979265236391,51.4981276892979,51.4985237323621,51.4988947440034,51.4989872716286,51.4991441794712,51.4995290593492,51.4998473631744,51.5007701062691,51.501131607489,51.5016440914465,51.5022502155009,51.5023016175716,51.5027026156967,51.5033895311966,51.5037012711742,51.5036768073517,51.5036701213726,51.5037183004829,51.5039520281084,51.5044629917713,51.5045003423991,51.5051148763226,51.5053810873894,51.5054419137519,51.5054670352821,51.505488845066,51.5057484585407,51.5061460105095,51.5062928699756,51.506446277568,51.5064153272376,51.5063634437726,51.5063633999701,51.5063577456313,51.5064011497651,51.506590513348,51.5069474084433,51.5072228960195,51.5073952510507,51.507466073845,51.5075189662613,51.5075180900967,51.5075167769018,51.5075200650383,51.507611911782,51.5076467210492,51.5080560711002,51.5085395969992,51.509114637429,51.509124126218,51.5091601840964,51.5091203739089,51.5092017833334,51.5092411943241,51.5093245754872,51.5094440563046,51.5095677497277,51.5096880225028,51.5097967434126,51.5099282166533,51.5099690745521,51.5099877066108,51.5100241158002,51.5101014047853,51.5101343056717,51.5103920556469,51.5103809197102,51.5103090836923,51.5103022223367,51.5102884996131,51.5102756974691,51.5102656133217,51.5102507482514,51.5102460781679,51.5102304219867,51.509759415244,51.509637250254,51.5095747194677,51.5096154019559,51.5102068098771,51.5103406935238,51.5108157956792,51.5108655745125,51.51097236557,51.5110792003285,51.5111843469388,51.5113450798679,51.5115048484306,51.5117289280117,51.5118378222633,51.5118613854184,51.512065979995,51.5122203996726,51.5131115603956,51.5134684233105,51.5136440585591,51.5138108037998,51.5138910729796,51.513897385795,51.5143305258961,51.5147447487663,51.5150838758997,51.5152737148511,51.5156427644395,51.5157124376722,51.5159147450171,51.5167424695921,51.5174527730448,51.5174723266341,51.517499859591,51.5176555625344,51.5179718850879,51.5181201360194,51.5182772212487,51.5185017917226,51.5188878962018,51.5190836196373,51.5195116455052,51.5194882297506,51.5195320867082,51.5195331596643,51.5195365309856,51.5195775175323,51.5196324203319,51.5196992023609,51.5197469807206,51.5197723682849,51.5210974251924,51.5211974479015,51.5213574187822,51.5219338190358,51.5219765057186,51.5223533491727,51.5247957646602,51.5247927703447,51.5251680061563,51.5253176930807,51.5258422020503,51.5259611585723,51.5262483918953,51.5262807237463,51.5271025659256,51.5272886645324,51.527506392213,51.5277027685304,51.5278921293199,51.5280501875923,51.5281750370624,51.5283291242113,51.5285436364399,51.5286492583101,51.5288517976861,51.529015605105,51.5290812916237,51.5291504641541,51.5292131280763,51.5298777367233,51.530352740047,51.5303004103107,51.5302397155645,51.5302077075839,51.5301800623577,51.5301664417908,51.5301564159302,51.5301563723902,51.5299275649373,51.5299177444195,51.5299804445097,51.5299906201067,51.5300199701818,51.5300379225896,51.5301689599062,51.5301354807146,51.5300824246002,51.5300418527996,51.5299633509295,51.5299248062751,51.5298635358392,51.529774452453,51.5296840729465,51.5296350261701,51.529498993265,51.5293671469857,51.5292786995444,51.5291853698094,51.5291386945018,51.5289352845326,51.5288527723361,51.5287998686181,51.5287111717655,51.5286403559462,51.5284551694045,51.5283648207316,51.528202269723,51.5280829857241,51.5279281917981,51.52782782276,51.5276841829613,51.5276574628257,51.5275893803027,51.5274976465609,51.5274053869135,51.5272615723167,51.5269147601344,51.5267198727557,51.5267598980479,51.5268030778034,51.5268738261523,51.5268968350993,51.5268667491566,51.5268132683782,51.5267558167516,51.526681471055,51.5266438663432,51.5265781755446,51.5265044200395,51.526427483387,51.5263166888126,51.5263060476174,51.5262817238031,51.5262576196499,51.5262409648891,51.526238837221,51.5261850225577,51.526124528217,51.5260654607141,51.525942619938,51.5257387676717,51.5255332103765,51.525297229114,51.5249284500699,51.5247175926801,51.5240533831343,51.5238394318987,51.5236083939092,51.5234588396414,51.5233172072242,51.5231317780356,51.523079937582,51.5230485808622,51.5230190214411,51.5227419615848,51.5226167552075,51.5223468071364,51.5220397983558,51.521982193224,51.5219312254935,51.5214599556291,51.5207950077999,51.5207104416576,51.520710765602,51.520821305644,51.5208367069361,51.520851231296,51.5208627207864,51.520886818003,51.5208990096026,51.520817624319,51.5207084820846,51.5206364328147,51.5206226712767,51.5205715278,51.5204525567442,51.5203022413226,51.5202612481904,51.5200686996214,51.5199384482254,51.5198679303141,51.5197643530536,51.5194729290038,51.5188469952925,51.5177992030149,51.5179766855319,51.5168466064156,51.5167766107297,51.516775689924,51.5145512181872,51.514956063125,51.5150317010896,51.5127124850431,51.5117564298167,51.5116916713935,51.5118135302975,51.5098680926941,51.5099398408195,51.5100185496,51.5100762060669,51.5101572514768,51.5101790060885,51.5077716824876,51.5048907681723,51.5021122177485,51.5017933582974,51.5015664855504,51.5014981234077,51.5014778348994,51.5014481691743,51.5014212265233,51.5014294321292,51.501421655342,51.5014609815418,51.4986857887716,51.4977783741105,51.4982209772381,51.4983008933307,51.498392025421,51.4984692004819,51.4985325475512,51.4986080149441,51.4986878450744,51.4989025950631,51.4990209865796,51.4989969885012,51.4988840210572,51.4985206122765,51.4983003385982,51.4992418635257,51.4986967539444,51.5001300712244,51.5002923801936,51.5004703948663,51.5012258648341,51.5013949808279,51.5014941389717,51.501589589274,51.501656710526,51.5017035909736,51.5017653151792,51.5021028052436,51.5022331944934,51.5022501450081,51.5022482119847,51.5015149558394,51.501413698761,51.50133097485,51.5012597981415,51.5012055833323,51.5010795813384,51.4990177607874,51.4985662612443,51.4977623471358,51.4975106870336,51.4956281442407,51.4955024351049,51.4953383246886,51.4950640626455,51.4948793095762,51.4947799775127,51.4947261541456,51.4946376670383,51.4944940660079,51.4938560788893,51.4932215490546,51.4932014611355,51.4919627479213,51.4914506662725,51.4910504221607,51.4908959098913,51.4906697451387,51.4904468354,51.4900487971086,51.48960623172,51.4890345498865,51.4881802035728,51.4870562742295,51.4868751184032,51.4862327269607,51.48609243618,51.485977032273,51.4858955834175,51.4854842186522,51.4854357531713,51.4854059257569,51.4852945466952,51.4852600489152,51.4852317928319,51.4851612778952,51.4849634857537,51.4848210607893,51.4847332500028,51.4846657514893,51.4845798373196,51.4842142782128,51.483907330836,51.4833134932386,51.4832029050862,51.483028038796,51.4829353892605,51.4827694017894,51.4826320097817,51.4825660871849,51.482530114803,51.4824561923419,51.4823867634991,51.4822613644832,51.4821224834489,51.4819956649491,51.4819116289893,51.4817564998648,51.4819220992992,51.4818723955576,51.4818549124188,51.4818222138583,51.4816864881995,51.4816509376565,51.4816217256166,51.4815582257404,51.4814194369514,51.4813313585896,51.4812900602131,51.4812658145932,51.4812460176411,51.481219836907,51.4806490490128,51.4806103566176,51.4803449906957,51.4802655620109,51.4802557658351,51.4800767219852,51.4798560298095,51.4796960498702,51.4789314276081,51.4787251209001,51.4780006994338,51.4779887162059,51.4779622618205,51.4779521401961,51.4779249680094,51.4779333633353,51.4773983532562,51.4773539284248,51.4773948381887,51.4774130128692,51.4773542475831,51.4773550725807,51.4773620992523,51.4773736193932,51.4774035147794,51.4774241709653,51.4774278562101,51.4774187507175]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.150003833152949,-0.150086567010071,-0.150119279124638,-0.150195267851164,-0.150366753224664,-0.151413832697195,-0.151724828798669,-0.15348565250178,-0.154917500051635,-0.155873929628211,-0.155196336823537,-0.155461163168996,-0.155568845789481,-0.155654790636846,-0.155701853393331,-0.155821108896499,-0.154818002812629,-0.155989586906043,-0.156008944250223,-0.155015262810514,-0.156013776089579,-0.155938831622515,-0.155847382975007,-0.155781823533485,-0.155636633577182,-0.155319441425502,-0.155547514651791,-0.155633091102271,-0.155678439444211,-0.156047626216785,-0.156096538714404,-0.157239735375327,-0.157874184757461,-0.158436531542903,-0.15850061158732,-0.15851715686422,-0.158525814331277,-0.158525361398007,-0.158502548937415,-0.158468667821866,-0.158477235016292,-0.158600390801092,-0.159173340985544,-0.160588875583255,-0.160781551203976,-0.16088861953193,-0.161023878256785,-0.161187652635932,-0.161344371426333,-0.161570182674098,-0.162367087973629,-0.162599011802781,-0.162857677138862,-0.165505763405361,-0.165803723309799,-0.167643871468101,-0.167928946898481,-0.168051244967279,-0.168202316105295,-0.16841458484227,-0.169643964900317,-0.171499595158254,-0.171801022412434,-0.171805482965793,-0.172472194953766,-0.172482485600115,-0.17355947166654,-0.173566988556587,-0.17957082679056,-0.179749340976717,-0.180336124702437,-0.180931310237058,-0.181374774115422,-0.181657502056413,-0.182061301101535,-0.182408800108748,-0.182615471711526,-0.183081020952099,-0.184259245084354,-0.184409386770161,-0.185621723102513,-0.18688345664662,-0.187933557981193,-0.188562739637679,-0.189720271093802,-0.190937397643279,-0.19172302732439,-0.192143783578032,-0.192984780234594,-0.193655411114073,-0.194065017616948,-0.194367326226598,-0.195072628010524,-0.195767416747427,-0.199207786505696,-0.199894034351093,-0.1998954393524,-0.199944566782896,-0.200747521940279,-0.201488156453198,-0.202379446752235,-0.20297027405548,-0.203209606292591,-0.203279041275292,-0.203303652670764,-0.203353300093716,-0.203419234568914,-0.203453656742638,-0.203580352086827,-0.203715488680131,-0.203766809070086,-0.203725907692483,-0.203498210021965,-0.203109052863386,-0.202669094959747,-0.202225613347033,-0.201768186574868,-0.201546658497729,-0.201244529885214,-0.200768022742394,-0.200772379322207,-0.200634014953012,-0.200636447521602,-0.201132043942382,-0.201488254791436,-0.201528049365372,-0.20153154578007,-0.201555487481827,-0.201625575667971,-0.201639382466434,-0.202584182752064,-0.202694014499424,-0.202803775626638,-0.203017960332364,-0.203558434669561,-0.203881526182531,-0.204076012796598,-0.20436531896786,-0.204537094331867,-0.205044343036734,-0.205190298326982,-0.205490060327286,-0.205691253411537,-0.205902293920771,-0.206178274992854,-0.206507897703639,-0.20672469970775,-0.206976044622541,-0.207319915087572,-0.207341455552617,-0.207607497906178,-0.207831441458454,-0.208069792657094,-0.208236600989933,-0.208837726890686,-0.209223942393915,-0.209578568491271,-0.209994059810701,-0.210278024902375,-0.211261176210331,-0.211962434934481,-0.212698449761644,-0.213315727381536,-0.213753439231859,-0.214599554914724,-0.215071211170088,-0.21557301710733,-0.215674961083377,-0.215832957093495,-0.21588788402686,-0.215923201903312,-0.21592394103855,-0.215906863291273,-0.215889960702285,-0.215815146558774,-0.216028912668804,-0.216088527539379,-0.216076441698279,-0.216040423525487,-0.215947791862616,-0.215883693442289,-0.215847285619922,-0.215687175356208,-0.215562242752985,-0.215471047188781,-0.215375985727122,-0.215314134180448,-0.215265039414525,-0.215228771735869,-0.215178095174686,-0.215129491752185,-0.215104504429221,-0.215097053529372,-0.215103484360993,-0.215167549665311,-0.215292342751319,-0.215324815364383,-0.215360486152227,-0.215362805572767,-0.215351032274643,-0.215328153471604,-0.215305731541336,-0.215268865391086,-0.215207328063976,-0.214694785140485,-0.214185825588366,-0.214046618789007,-0.213820112882728,-0.21363261681159,-0.213267815716612,-0.21306271292888,-0.212817123614278,-0.212662593542353,-0.212258256724859,-0.211735130532179,-0.211402483426695,-0.211051455757333,-0.210841778604526,-0.210185080440801,-0.210101784289352,-0.209687166026778,-0.209335775238745,-0.208958692952579,-0.208682021879315,-0.207946906532891,-0.207648201228931,-0.207336074465788,-0.207105276030972,-0.206797719001897,-0.206608601949399,-0.206259567777482,-0.205869134223336,-0.2055308217132,-0.205309967938651,-0.204604045212176,-0.204057228365523,-0.20359845134645,-0.203265593302609,-0.203073204630143,-0.202992228638342,-0.202849762343316,-0.202601941027182,-0.202291781454559,-0.202035245680564,-0.201877982404058,-0.201689361903765,-0.201550238568234,-0.201476076789356,-0.201434596024456,-0.20139964699243,-0.201297305196128,-0.201108060201973,-0.20100763323077,-0.200903096337293,-0.200675185243801,-0.200449058403337,-0.199843649034713,-0.199562961612535,-0.19941211968803,-0.19933092417643,-0.199329518753192,-0.199174674297062,-0.199018340884816,-0.198858607452008,-0.198767327091795,-0.198685955718616,-0.198595207949339,-0.198298116959511,-0.198215944603958,-0.197993760256978,-0.19797525617624,-0.197940483780256,-0.197925812004206,-0.198002770704472,-0.198001840706624,-0.197972427757352,-0.197954534106205,-0.197973576658108,-0.197995451231674,-0.198074773097614,-0.197950465579662,-0.197798833993943,-0.197500854994505,-0.197249846000278,-0.197183037514215,-0.197129480043711,-0.197021492318765,-0.196931397573892,-0.196846243793752,-0.196846679197002,-0.196568746300418,-0.196562577412083,-0.196528019123812,-0.196413177757086,-0.19569638900668,-0.194283561510633,-0.19351675941689,-0.193138639078923,-0.192892507859075,-0.192664678031266,-0.192558562382893,-0.192411101384362,-0.192385001769624,-0.192374074237233,-0.192382380840699,-0.192407943239607,-0.192769864867025,-0.193035300847187,-0.192983140385852,-0.191483522125869,-0.191427732843279,-0.191284507043934,-0.191082183920034,-0.190825388423809,-0.19040617218486,-0.189835674899122,-0.189669644190361,-0.189556574533773,-0.189425592334303,-0.189324764576995,-0.189216182791447,-0.189059142731784,-0.188773585175777,-0.188583331763713,-0.187978082434233,-0.18790180784115,-0.187841049456651,-0.187751221121209,-0.185490767572745,-0.18539338109459,-0.184701469788078,-0.184643157614281,-0.184468173927297,-0.184224338583977,-0.184078629609818,-0.183873523195251,-0.182749207874515,-0.181600661096019,-0.1804199529174,-0.180180989926901,-0.18003699093421,-0.179752197365744,-0.179312914226571,-0.179088969921379,-0.1790382071282,-0.178764647452515,-0.178571103840707,-0.178379288389096,-0.178353347829828,-0.17829858442891,-0.175790769494294,-0.173921648853743,-0.174152796062991,-0.17414147822684,-0.174123101300231,-0.17409474471006,-0.174035439655837,-0.173510971795143,-0.171981257188363,-0.170890244332954,-0.169542887017973,-0.169436030731126,-0.169261156030793,-0.169044131048258,-0.16845027364138,-0.168206090325869,-0.168044191560813,-0.166582893485816,-0.164961075174877,-0.163792745226817,-0.163619160448262,-0.163390237356192,-0.161919867347132,-0.160486835217735,-0.159445330378009,-0.1594381615381,-0.15863150541849,-0.157579594041988,-0.155849441531381,-0.155481976228795,-0.155221449794836,-0.154994684546225,-0.154746557595262,-0.154423277681548,-0.154181350326848,-0.153928112481956,-0.153416453870501,-0.152732436524032,-0.151481176416183,-0.150885298265325,-0.14992283102557,-0.147195842738457,-0.145815598878895,-0.145198552321867,-0.144852982830852,-0.144708482687922,-0.144646645682092,-0.144154815619383,-0.144179003205598,-0.143989710702594,-0.143496470808722,-0.143414726580513,-0.143513537606399,-0.143521002786906,-0.14352124348559,-0.143311974152749,-0.143093184030647,-0.142901144036028,-0.141415963227077,-0.140473926503575,-0.139804034023297,-0.139179887377623,-0.138736900605656,-0.138344067490447,-0.138255625541467,-0.138206857720262,-0.138170871098403,-0.138035886922184,-0.137033157371586,-0.136321947136129,-0.135851796445352,-0.135258286800735,-0.13434280120238,-0.134474009614734,-0.134070421110412,-0.134013392592561,-0.133977382491427,-0.13394255568256,-0.133910315825321,-0.133867185012613,-0.133622567196582,-0.133004706726135,-0.132568930419663,-0.13247477548678,-0.131586326946513,-0.131162792423058,-0.131114818301953,-0.131076890071506,-0.130831814913578,-0.130427397671815,-0.130369472856184,-0.130372900384501,-0.130466114061374,-0.130471565280648,-0.13043841609463,-0.129852548059181,-0.129689672967984,-0.129361463501879,-0.12912019739449,-0.129008739974038,-0.128997401922354,-0.128869508373046,-0.128364426985142,-0.128272909750902,-0.127989047781049,-0.127714204833264,-0.127602673155178,-0.127452408670868,-0.127352810674775,-0.12727873166272,-0.127177991045854,-0.127042990090057,-0.126944505361675,-0.126867326636922,-0.126668765450667,-0.12619825769088,-0.125262138038102,-0.124492964067321,-0.12397726975416,-0.123584880950591,-0.123380024793705,-0.122894192447536,-0.12209822949033,-0.121843397667666,-0.121316247961204,-0.120346897393076,-0.119493176283105,-0.11932170376564,-0.118853629857244,-0.118700472890899,-0.118657841186778,-0.118623962185677,-0.118405508587872,-0.118379286714726,-0.117617223503495,-0.117276474070387,-0.114718366080205,-0.11468598723881,-0.113859293860586,-0.112307966611989,-0.112325233052086,-0.111707906350371,-0.111687732808344,-0.111606814954749,-0.111575917745851,-0.111552482347103,-0.111410226575459,-0.111137755824273,-0.11110152702447,-0.111332090789191,-0.111980720788797,-0.111858315001003,-0.111738660287467,-0.112337586731119,-0.112213983404122,-0.112374935834319,-0.112347468453124,-0.112414908058147,-0.112200596696276,-0.112058355387402,-0.112189015570229,-0.112167160899902,-0.112157599490283,-0.111887466956159,-0.111770726641328,-0.111710767084118,-0.111567209906137,-0.1115304891266,-0.111557461911558,-0.111574223362741,-0.111586737167839,-0.111574406694964,-0.111671083980626,-0.111675832304812,-0.11187365623919,-0.111892173329909,-0.112228476223039,-0.112568142143346,-0.112608635954042,-0.113021053286844,-0.113437938926931,-0.114282531220206,-0.115125203754204,-0.115322697994694,-0.115380786659149,-0.115813514853439,-0.116175970356777,-0.116219657020405,-0.116915908742452,-0.116869023740572,-0.117675210359518,-0.117771177059154,-0.117784360589098,-0.117888499686302,-0.118216864391959,-0.118357450541322,-0.11837524669019,-0.118454273058552,-0.118533373372364,-0.11852484738149,-0.118859269245492,-0.118885743378232,-0.11932260372991,-0.119949973421279,-0.120175825076932,-0.120073656327189,-0.120362764581867,-0.120499202143895,-0.12080514846705,-0.120986056772022,-0.121374826631237,-0.121246219716249,-0.121309107082208,-0.121310695012852,-0.121313538185502,-0.121371804768954,-0.121451492063808,-0.121465302800761,-0.121646170420322,-0.121592926575832,-0.121643885587791,-0.121812747466111,-0.12194501567292,-0.121998075593544,-0.122011443472686,-0.122279965436834,-0.122364446975884,-0.122490620129297,-0.122596521498428,-0.122686913952481,-0.122872864250556,-0.12298238040129,-0.123089272538637,-0.122981902687297,-0.123054898455911,-0.123414958829949,-0.123489868091283,-0.123623187916958,-0.123670846019951,-0.123547385235192,-0.123585299899404,-0.123599290426761,-0.123749774345652,-0.123762510787629,-0.123769450849494,-0.123651234470161,-0.124121242914599,-0.124494898721828,-0.124515532154403,-0.124553215104186,-0.12455073574472,-0.124640596511021,-0.12468182708295,-0.124816895606112,-0.124924804129716,-0.124834068128141,-0.124903417839164,-0.124947412986136,-0.125282913820859,-0.125376514524237,-0.125468566259239,-0.125601070861683,-0.125791339156452,-0.126408888020058,-0.126604756188259,-0.126818817376949,-0.126921901396523,-0.126975234224896,-0.127044475337078,-0.127249764195921,-0.12730424149962,-0.127511470178373,-0.12773298491912,-0.12839274871076,-0.128483966508269,-0.128490239597538,-0.128550017759316,-0.128967243103442,-0.129016332003862,-0.129065420898767,-0.13121921443167,-0.131346347858368,-0.131464330024162,-0.131667450799979,-0.13190707004406,-0.132109491022176,-0.132337710298596,-0.132353800768143,-0.132663653517375,-0.133491259225204,-0.133880575708658,-0.134010149038628,-0.134376131126578,-0.134380522647748,-0.134896904957158,-0.134989649709854,-0.136034219264511,-0.136022197321267,-0.136628035196887,-0.136878403053282,-0.137151397770196,-0.138134055153737,-0.138487251287635,-0.138939691098784,-0.139028932427373,-0.139911197331192,-0.140339291004007,-0.140575838040386,-0.140903555429147,-0.142233722428807,-0.142846203737334,-0.143470766308356,-0.14359670345735,-0.14372282319979,-0.143997091861568,-0.144230583210376,-0.145514145621239,-0.146133327700994,-0.14682971061126,-0.147807360204865,-0.148254851461058,-0.148986633666613,-0.149028784535068,-0.149025181713708,-0.149018700037449,-0.148968631622113,-0.148965582045581,-0.14905265918454,-0.149082325032322,-0.149080194162342,-0.149089797073553,-0.149106706310524,-0.149125382501617,-0.149153277515171,-0.149162605500939,-0.1492674815501,-0.14935804031908,-0.149603616432892,-0.149675526035722,-0.149643401523564,-0.149567418928137,-0.149499563646605,-0.149299334176909,-0.149255237690833,-0.149237835228247,-0.149219082271819,-0.149216255952997,-0.149239714860001,-0.14926449199055,-0.150003833152949],"lat":[51.4854842186522,51.4858955834175,51.485977032273,51.48609243618,51.4862327269607,51.4868751184032,51.4870562742295,51.4881802035728,51.4890345498865,51.48960623172,51.4900487971086,51.4904468354,51.4906697451387,51.4908959098913,51.4910504221607,51.4914506662725,51.4919627479213,51.4932014611355,51.4932215490546,51.4938560788893,51.4944940660079,51.4946376670383,51.4947261541456,51.4947799775127,51.4948793095762,51.4950640626455,51.4953383246886,51.4955024351049,51.4956281442407,51.4975106870336,51.4977623471358,51.4985662612443,51.4990177607874,51.5010795813384,51.5012055833323,51.5012597981415,51.50133097485,51.501413698761,51.5015149558394,51.5022482119847,51.5022501450081,51.5022331944934,51.5021028052436,51.5017653151792,51.5017035909736,51.501656710526,51.501589589274,51.5014941389717,51.5013949808279,51.5012258648341,51.5004703948663,51.5002923801936,51.5001300712244,51.4986967539444,51.4992418635257,51.4983003385982,51.4985206122765,51.4988840210572,51.4989969885012,51.4990209865796,51.4989025950631,51.4986878450744,51.4986080149441,51.4985325475512,51.4984692004819,51.498392025421,51.4983008933307,51.4982209772381,51.4977783741105,51.4986857887716,51.5014609815418,51.501421655342,51.5014294321292,51.5014212265233,51.5014481691743,51.5014778348994,51.5014981234077,51.5015664855504,51.5017933582974,51.5021122177485,51.5048907681723,51.5077716824876,51.5101790060885,51.5101572514768,51.5100762060669,51.5100185496,51.5099398408195,51.5098680926941,51.5118135302975,51.5116916713935,51.5117564298167,51.5127124850431,51.5150317010896,51.514956063125,51.5145512181872,51.516775689924,51.5167766107297,51.5168466064156,51.5179766855319,51.5177992030149,51.5188469952925,51.5194729290038,51.5197643530536,51.5198679303141,51.5199384482254,51.5200686996214,51.5202612481904,51.5203022413226,51.5204525567442,51.5205715278,51.5206226712767,51.5206364328147,51.5207084820846,51.520817624319,51.5208990096026,51.520886818003,51.5208627207864,51.520851231296,51.5208367069361,51.520821305644,51.520710765602,51.5207104416576,51.5207950077999,51.5214599556291,51.5219312254935,51.521982193224,51.5220397983558,51.5223468071364,51.5226167552075,51.5227419615848,51.5230190214411,51.5230485808622,51.523079937582,51.5231317780356,51.5233172072242,51.5234588396414,51.5236083939092,51.5238394318987,51.5240533831343,51.5247175926801,51.5249284500699,51.525297229114,51.5255332103765,51.5257387676717,51.525942619938,51.5260654607141,51.526124528217,51.5261850225577,51.526238837221,51.5262409648891,51.5262576196499,51.5262817238031,51.5263060476174,51.5263166888126,51.526427483387,51.5265044200395,51.5265781755446,51.5266438663432,51.526681471055,51.5267558167516,51.5268132683782,51.5268667491566,51.5268968350993,51.5268738261523,51.5268030778034,51.5267598980479,51.5267198727557,51.5269147601344,51.5272615723167,51.5274053869135,51.5274976465609,51.5275893803027,51.5276574628257,51.5276841829613,51.52782782276,51.5279281917981,51.528874199699,51.529072747944,51.5292565443946,51.529560877241,51.5297253625424,51.529734700457,51.5297736302525,51.5297978078625,51.5298440803208,51.5298786037776,51.5299118339257,51.5299506535638,51.5299932652977,51.5300725266309,51.5301725020037,51.5302584488471,51.5303383678306,51.5303951177918,51.5305633511674,51.5309851947972,51.5310765120382,51.5311966535944,51.5312479455457,51.5312909299453,51.5313229545155,51.5313432959154,51.5313643167999,51.5313894585184,51.5315183438419,51.5315924278587,51.5316127896224,51.5316534037815,51.5316919138235,51.5317663905116,51.5317758558027,51.5317883009028,51.5317949389836,51.5318112588096,51.5318419528093,51.5319052237423,51.5319592210377,51.5320117762196,51.5322130801881,51.5322414842282,51.5323727410895,51.5324725889865,51.5325657489133,51.5326352622141,51.5327769056643,51.5328200019688,51.5328377136869,51.5328404812394,51.5328519666834,51.5328580681105,51.5328976937511,51.5329267935623,51.5329503946834,51.5329569077881,51.5329425090811,51.5329152549318,51.5328857494691,51.5328806518766,51.5328965891455,51.5329025426808,51.5328589951621,51.5327814606234,51.5326759930478,51.5326001222362,51.5325662383878,51.5325597501132,51.5323948546966,51.5323010958825,51.5322195282149,51.5321551462578,51.5320447689208,51.5319078801452,51.5318586803124,51.5318040219132,51.5316971136232,51.531618108735,51.531358830939,51.5312376219429,51.5311507780468,51.5310892825553,51.5310883617407,51.5309933629193,51.5309361091764,51.5308554227366,51.5307937720026,51.5307367695605,51.5306616382416,51.5304448546396,51.5303716532076,51.5301200496323,51.5300775010169,51.5299357858846,51.5296136319042,51.5291615961869,51.5291121235928,51.529017251357,51.5288497174678,51.528769078214,51.5287262506258,51.5286159630929,51.528368560475,51.5279004235994,51.5278526816541,51.5279297562188,51.5279422181215,51.5279476897042,51.527944231506,51.527925761119,51.5278552105605,51.527734718788,51.5276540106305,51.527700676392,51.5277361147851,51.5279061044225,51.5287520594589,51.5304640592374,51.5313694804287,51.5318159758023,51.5321332139349,51.5324615244222,51.5326289470145,51.5328937498279,51.533006652165,51.5332097124844,51.5332548025808,51.5333010578074,51.5336645322507,51.5339887512216,51.5340679802974,51.5362893788329,51.5362417581968,51.5361082607612,51.5359378822304,51.5357594693534,51.5355317900255,51.5352649060294,51.5351975985797,51.5351401006564,51.535061643596,51.5349863495408,51.5348884546545,51.5347763229909,51.5345237236383,51.5345945239389,51.5348765311815,51.5349454939022,51.5349868197486,51.5350339911873,51.5371626268331,51.537254641697,51.5379012833074,51.5379534362754,51.5380748238303,51.5381870522946,51.5382612325405,51.5383785559741,51.5387658043691,51.5391454725423,51.5394994519396,51.5395613900607,51.5395924282151,51.5396464605324,51.5397052886008,51.5397521704663,51.5397594757283,51.539784904264,51.5397926904102,51.5397933091299,51.5397929063358,51.5397920559741,51.5396146039827,51.5394767166221,51.5382771268123,51.5381996157342,51.5381543675483,51.5381062663036,51.5380387992387,51.5376322699843,51.5383826922363,51.5377928684696,51.5385973591516,51.5385651175327,51.5385030385752,51.5384133241923,51.5381198930797,51.5379883878833,51.5378905399305,51.5369001244485,51.5357794866656,51.5362189209256,51.5363043297789,51.5364032599441,51.5368586292672,51.5372812937002,51.5363621156099,51.5363611038893,51.5365193017063,51.536751876803,51.5371041731177,51.5372054062115,51.53726515607,51.5373101491532,51.5373485110754,51.5373910856555,51.5374187529702,51.537440846327,51.5374705618878,51.5375191431907,51.5346272409583,51.5333202369789,51.5312053201574,51.5250411001184,51.5252701807763,51.5239942834452,51.5240553629894,51.5240638685384,51.524060192715,51.5239957595937,51.5246418028463,51.5246882665357,51.5246229091363,51.5245415822002,51.5240260780606,51.5239488608122,51.5239074991753,51.5238781086844,51.5238701490726,51.5238778998001,51.5226484835626,51.5218880754033,51.5213477955626,51.5208172299913,51.5204397105202,51.5201403208356,51.5200822643413,51.5200410240228,51.5200044828107,51.5198152961155,51.5188848367814,51.5191469106287,51.5186943105288,51.5189330694953,51.5180210593297,51.5179494076993,51.5175617056484,51.5175464103904,51.517545837505,51.5175515781899,51.5175645540287,51.517597140101,51.5177281355759,51.5173639975772,51.517164620582,51.5167179922015,51.5169439429314,51.5170091355048,51.5170191621254,51.5170302480493,51.5171018798722,51.5165945513677,51.5164956096567,51.5164471047174,51.5161770165942,51.5160790850788,51.5159382734765,51.5144775414204,51.5141260346205,51.5134832308953,51.513462296885,51.5134389369109,51.5134342597848,51.5133899546883,51.5131247097973,51.5130719919931,51.5128597344136,51.5127087692476,51.5126521344013,51.5126614257306,51.512665231071,51.5126793355654,51.5127109993337,51.5128752052539,51.5129572629747,51.5130117840619,51.513144399878,51.5133715887808,51.5137765803566,51.5141518611142,51.5144610498467,51.5147155561685,51.5147905136155,51.5151442387934,51.5146279160214,51.514866633854,51.5147880496795,51.514598063987,51.5145052449987,51.5145393649956,51.5146712428806,51.5147155475113,51.5148407591101,51.5149634133317,51.5150183604607,51.5150251338202,51.5152260288338,51.5153806266667,51.5160400543908,51.5159864779962,51.5148203439119,51.5151469946228,51.5152174142986,51.5152983018929,51.5153330480016,51.5153380399993,51.5152835873165,51.5152229599901,51.5147944231786,51.5139600241667,51.5138254518724,51.5137913961781,51.5136849362033,51.5134734395637,51.5131954422792,51.5130360234332,51.5128883549021,51.5128297961315,51.5127969809219,51.5127692901735,51.5125149490259,51.5123301108989,51.512307034936,51.512277907036,51.5122651635785,51.5119667591017,51.512001749131,51.5119531233328,51.5117304947098,51.5116426757976,51.5114434756567,51.5113169506866,51.5109097899796,51.5107549197,51.5107519800121,51.5108114072474,51.5108020025571,51.5107375543465,51.5107249827591,51.5107007740232,51.5107670712317,51.5107260468222,51.5106814958236,51.5105745782929,51.5104442432423,51.5104078498269,51.5103970929549,51.5103177172036,51.5102300171303,51.5102190285186,51.5100395676041,51.5099533857072,51.5096938533036,51.5097430539132,51.5097378699656,51.5096936792413,51.5095937355255,51.50953933812,51.5095621049743,51.5095327981697,51.509501693991,51.5094637885609,51.5093216753058,51.5093436820168,51.5091285723659,51.5087663397673,51.5086009002745,51.5085273223649,51.5082954524154,51.5083417023891,51.5080507504572,51.5078567124323,51.5074088173005,51.507347406456,51.5072548914576,51.5072513198792,51.5072522646766,51.5072720823376,51.5071915266633,51.5071710650401,51.5069077828207,51.5068709599179,51.5067881454837,51.5066065028133,51.5064386619824,51.5064449071572,51.5064001585279,51.5060024915767,51.5060155344366,51.5057855469069,51.5055228615984,51.5052518346545,51.5047593221803,51.5043384256807,51.5040164050026,51.503999399305,51.5039061458984,51.5024722021384,51.5018412250946,51.5018226753858,51.5011885644112,51.5011425256055,51.5008859455188,51.5006505647341,51.5006349872847,51.5005704447385,51.5005067087114,51.5004733434637,51.4981149239305,51.4961371443478,51.4960556421417,51.4958044534219,51.4956191672592,51.4947986852785,51.4947067213551,51.493697219248,51.4930334958632,51.4929628023391,51.4927121197739,51.4925878267564,51.4918189319404,51.4916441742203,51.4915071603906,51.4913321251155,51.4911184456751,51.4903207826721,51.4900757174548,51.4898084611411,51.4897183836906,51.4896823660904,51.489644804043,51.4895563586763,51.4895275532491,51.489286264981,51.4890829731742,51.4884136681131,51.4882262803204,51.488213790861,51.4880906476364,51.4878212340987,51.4878184203192,51.487815606519,51.4863616828399,51.4862818766233,51.4862145140241,51.4861080413558,51.4859895602242,51.485900161502,51.4858138710995,51.4858078325884,51.4856976625669,51.4855004131375,51.4854193816717,51.4853854734429,51.485276192104,51.4852744634625,51.4851855583714,51.4853129292113,51.4851281050153,51.4850343913895,51.4849415051191,51.4849122109597,51.4848931675316,51.4848134532127,51.4848055718887,51.4848010631565,51.4848024794784,51.4848182764862,51.4848457493163,51.4848728811252,51.4849248385504,51.4851896177919,51.4852874465948,51.4854070455552,51.4854270244483,51.4854425098252,51.485463037797,51.4854946101006,51.4856309202603,51.4856703862749,51.4856885877458,51.4856257990011,51.4856013925215,51.4855634872066,51.4856963428251,51.4857853120505,51.4858742358322,51.4859013223537,51.4861188935521,51.4861382531301,51.4861881803278,51.4862052325084,51.4862170743781,51.4862263338108,51.4862275278499,51.4862144793391,51.4861975407543,51.4861686214178,51.486208718545,51.4861910118824,51.4860869339421,51.486062147195,51.4860177840361,51.4859861386303,51.4859155346721,51.4858662790246,51.4858336312379,51.4857631934878,51.4857262794872,51.4855737766514,51.4855310035404,51.4854842186522]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.142415881006558,-0.142501030797427,-0.142536491732009,-0.142224516478278,-0.141890202569618,-0.141670491574708,-0.141541451009308,-0.141303437710259,-0.141202057802073,-0.141197279648517,-0.141145612425643,-0.141111787658669,-0.141036305843825,-0.140690308365341,-0.14068164481597,-0.140670891832684,-0.140667384989428,-0.140672981555935,-0.140682573825803,-0.140816937110218,-0.140817266536634,-0.140802884325849,-0.140755314917982,-0.140718791936926,-0.140622603546761,-0.140592691824904,-0.140597506691602,-0.140638819059633,-0.140659053474364,-0.140699094474202,-0.140805275155435,-0.140996580622733,-0.141018109283277,-0.141043302679164,-0.141043240988706,-0.141032182216857,-0.141077863935089,-0.141056431153774,-0.141031590353402,-0.141005943410488,-0.140937800944196,-0.140884321136182,-0.140804071249631,-0.140702232063821,-0.140529124705522,-0.139693035224613,-0.139451093461727,-0.139267809779572,-0.138515281916148,-0.138394434283573,-0.137445614683876,-0.137384266604767,-0.137272379403083,-0.13717894952942,-0.13701742479802,-0.136544149109666,-0.13591279950435,-0.135474818664507,-0.135337594930336,-0.135255968183567,-0.135204173599614,-0.135147164143671,-0.135089227836075,-0.134883424418701,-0.134722445380085,-0.134639481535653,-0.134379545100974,-0.134005060841134,-0.133250486225784,-0.132161839674472,-0.131840732202357,-0.131354913736951,-0.131244982587744,-0.131027115163055,-0.130925607850139,-0.130879065802476,-0.130837363982543,-0.130814143476399,-0.130762018457591,-0.130714495487674,-0.130344870235105,-0.130162847563555,-0.13002552769981,-0.129834688260511,-0.129350007314999,-0.129347124530419,-0.129137592123756,-0.128235731042259,-0.127972394100059,-0.127781754030544,-0.127699443582272,-0.127609889675736,-0.127268638604243,-0.127204105619686,-0.127173131885963,-0.127138978207029,-0.127088637738488,-0.126888229439867,-0.12665369245887,-0.126509391853384,-0.126395659313426,-0.126361950176798,-0.126155334267936,-0.12599407699568,-0.125909697405353,-0.125938516506039,-0.125900560326803,-0.125827201019105,-0.125741164753912,-0.125689972869206,-0.125479478539465,-0.125266808372827,-0.125093200182192,-0.125086251733335,-0.12500890622097,-0.124861094222693,-0.124297613672376,-0.124050336957998,-0.123734371749593,-0.123378024644622,-0.123176280451748,-0.123075520511935,-0.12272443836027,-0.122606985467736,-0.122520976356958,-0.122400724785628,-0.122352307278812,-0.122340604054314,-0.122329122819241,-0.122338704102011,-0.122341030660235,-0.122340403315935,-0.122360522142287,-0.122464719851335,-0.122563452971613,-0.122553265107461,-0.122556113049131,-0.121995523906944,-0.121218885239303,-0.119895987894153,-0.119011421037366,-0.118141158591545,-0.117557690913294,-0.117102934308749,-0.116532520664817,-0.116052924025181,-0.1160166880765,-0.115943332060229,-0.115880247197116,-0.115841099094965,-0.115807015470925,-0.115783314149998,-0.115726922909826,-0.115680264420048,-0.11556976348858,-0.11552873769624,-0.115476112151255,-0.115432421413322,-0.115303556683591,-0.114705667403184,-0.114494835383188,-0.113824851888912,-0.113760400661362,-0.113625356606437,-0.113437713776847,-0.112949388983406,-0.113224671473578,-0.113735337654034,-0.11425342179999,-0.114206816346068,-0.114103165008543,-0.113880834858294,-0.113679656167517,-0.113612148880428,-0.113506859725837,-0.113212170965062,-0.112563048219487,-0.112357917145219,-0.112194220247546,-0.111885071783423,-0.111201357912202,-0.110602557799403,-0.109985219809988,-0.109809631003374,-0.10960467311539,-0.109481577706053,-0.1093216609607,-0.109244466628781,-0.10899126745988,-0.108966752160185,-0.10875833635703,-0.10860216878104,-0.10833695578676,-0.108285741772481,-0.108274441011435,-0.107020549148219,-0.106647748219447,-0.106501627746717,-0.106352529031939,-0.106165063664447,-0.106036470718735,-0.105884415279116,-0.10548951763617,-0.105349923289653,-0.105837359341725,-0.106199873885832,-0.106531131797356,-0.107049293021372,-0.107406188855007,-0.107591391006849,-0.107826646104367,-0.108191685838847,-0.10903384549072,-0.109532285560698,-0.110476002325436,-0.111626484179056,-0.112339142515622,-0.113029796095814,-0.113821071839928,-0.113812548325567,-0.113786977862585,-0.113742430012431,-0.11371913133018,-0.113448621712555,-0.112860897630063,-0.11215391548118,-0.112133313578149,-0.111868761143522,-0.111606814954749,-0.111687732808344,-0.111707906350371,-0.112325233052086,-0.112307966611989,-0.113859293860586,-0.11468598723881,-0.114718366080205,-0.117276474070387,-0.117617223503495,-0.118379286714726,-0.118405508587872,-0.118623962185677,-0.118657841186778,-0.118700472890899,-0.118853629857244,-0.11932170376564,-0.119493176283105,-0.120346897393076,-0.121316247961204,-0.121843397667666,-0.12209822949033,-0.122894192447536,-0.123380024793705,-0.123584880950591,-0.12397726975416,-0.124492964067321,-0.125262138038102,-0.12619825769088,-0.126668765450667,-0.126867326636922,-0.126944505361675,-0.127042990090057,-0.127177991045854,-0.12727873166272,-0.127352810674775,-0.127452408670868,-0.127602673155178,-0.127714204833264,-0.127989047781049,-0.128272909750902,-0.128364426985142,-0.128869508373046,-0.128997401922354,-0.129008739974038,-0.12912019739449,-0.129361463501879,-0.129689672967984,-0.129852548059181,-0.13043841609463,-0.130471565280648,-0.130466114061374,-0.130372900384501,-0.130369472856184,-0.130427397671815,-0.130831814913578,-0.131076890071506,-0.131114818301953,-0.131162792423058,-0.131586326946513,-0.13247477548678,-0.132568930419663,-0.133004706726135,-0.133622567196582,-0.133867185012613,-0.133910315825321,-0.13394255568256,-0.133977382491427,-0.134013392592561,-0.134070421110412,-0.134474009614734,-0.13434280120238,-0.135258286800735,-0.135851796445352,-0.136321947136129,-0.137033157371586,-0.138035886922184,-0.138170871098403,-0.138206857720262,-0.138255625541467,-0.138344067490447,-0.138736900605656,-0.139179887377623,-0.139804034023297,-0.140473926503575,-0.141415963227077,-0.142901144036028,-0.143093184030647,-0.143311974152749,-0.14352124348559,-0.143521002786906,-0.143513537606399,-0.143414726580513,-0.143496470808722,-0.143989710702594,-0.144179003205598,-0.144154815619383,-0.144646645682092,-0.144708482687922,-0.144852982830852,-0.145198552321867,-0.145815598878895,-0.147195842738457,-0.14992283102557,-0.150885298265325,-0.151481176416183,-0.152732436524032,-0.153416453870501,-0.153928112481956,-0.154181350326848,-0.154423277681548,-0.154746557595262,-0.154994684546225,-0.155221449794836,-0.155481976228795,-0.155849441531381,-0.157579594041988,-0.15863150541849,-0.1594381615381,-0.159445330378009,-0.160486835217735,-0.161919867347132,-0.163390237356192,-0.163619160448262,-0.163792745226817,-0.164961075174877,-0.166582893485816,-0.168044191560813,-0.168206090325869,-0.16845027364138,-0.169044131048258,-0.169261156030793,-0.169436030731126,-0.169542887017973,-0.170890244332954,-0.171981257188363,-0.173510971795143,-0.174035439655837,-0.17409474471006,-0.174123101300231,-0.17414147822684,-0.174152796062991,-0.173921648853743,-0.175790769494294,-0.17829858442891,-0.178353347829828,-0.178379288389096,-0.178571103840707,-0.178764647452515,-0.1790382071282,-0.179088969921379,-0.179312914226571,-0.179752197365744,-0.18003699093421,-0.180180989926901,-0.1804199529174,-0.181600661096019,-0.182749207874515,-0.183873523195251,-0.184078629609818,-0.184224338583977,-0.184468173927297,-0.184643157614281,-0.184701469788078,-0.18539338109459,-0.185490767572745,-0.187751221121209,-0.187841049456651,-0.18790180784115,-0.187978082434233,-0.188583331763713,-0.188773585175777,-0.189059142731784,-0.189216182791447,-0.189324764576995,-0.189425592334303,-0.189556574533773,-0.189669644190361,-0.189835674899122,-0.19040617218486,-0.190825388423809,-0.191082183920034,-0.191284507043934,-0.191427732843279,-0.191483522125869,-0.192462486244892,-0.192650587008638,-0.193755575219978,-0.195442191329178,-0.196391447558528,-0.196539487669122,-0.196692242913947,-0.196855158305484,-0.197796486915674,-0.198874653757356,-0.198876095004917,-0.199405903487094,-0.201228997636206,-0.201931838038752,-0.201958266863474,-0.20272246986189,-0.20321809402436,-0.203589429303565,-0.203736552976979,-0.204272371214599,-0.205136467387009,-0.2057674720151,-0.206336808220783,-0.206813747681064,-0.207254248438303,-0.207309293919007,-0.207562928131721,-0.207973945667937,-0.208601915386492,-0.2091721058982,-0.209756681464636,-0.210318348591523,-0.210749515736036,-0.211280292260074,-0.211430171517426,-0.211729967514755,-0.211941059513216,-0.212380048576633,-0.212491185904601,-0.21280793287146,-0.21289927931977,-0.2132391712601,-0.21346240525241,-0.213501363117314,-0.213285319323126,-0.213000283650929,-0.212511748455117,-0.212129439791493,-0.21169772237359,-0.21124687852563,-0.210844630077308,-0.210031158006928,-0.210026974027358,-0.209566493317584,-0.209538577096314,-0.209237166915551,-0.208856362843739,-0.208845147222668,-0.208334029620933,-0.208038367454926,-0.207522785055855,-0.206991447375961,-0.206496043020589,-0.206335901825987,-0.206215640632906,-0.206089577256377,-0.205992276867574,-0.205966149647765,-0.205893866922465,-0.20589799620958,-0.205903425708287,-0.205865409179887,-0.205877555193832,-0.205837425570728,-0.205815267913235,-0.205779120466556,-0.205346615652161,-0.205104621102037,-0.204975880266507,-0.20478934040396,-0.204310814019473,-0.204082136983353,-0.203948937619088,-0.203676772031354,-0.203347743839881,-0.202790673297245,-0.201850200466337,-0.201648851248015,-0.201338312920117,-0.200981841009886,-0.200551452267322,-0.200169253281652,-0.199991607657849,-0.199410043942753,-0.199464126536513,-0.199484957564976,-0.199501898181465,-0.199517565901497,-0.199604120356709,-0.199669249571492,-0.199675699582656,-0.19967367683673,-0.199660262414608,-0.199624122282022,-0.199498094606404,-0.199126239032266,-0.199052306774677,-0.198906735619305,-0.19879129834346,-0.198639022061463,-0.198580344229701,-0.198533271169692,-0.198507646534196,-0.198499017366628,-0.198500103828517,-0.198479166063002,-0.198231075947562,-0.198229634184465,-0.197984674281006,-0.197623271048067,-0.197564250449301,-0.197346747655628,-0.197034300487128,-0.196817790890171,-0.196680273824528,-0.196766361983845,-0.196817476891547,-0.196842644359842,-0.19693210651446,-0.196944585016122,-0.196922540506125,-0.196903748117593,-0.196918712657358,-0.196919621285461,-0.196813104705793,-0.196750790874219,-0.196649310624145,-0.196594667704257,-0.196243946890923,-0.196124845136566,-0.19595810878671,-0.195594805028179,-0.195348378930915,-0.195077781350578,-0.194852005137339,-0.194612131717607,-0.194612826848974,-0.194569021068512,-0.194481818290482,-0.194402749893686,-0.194301733727536,-0.194279821649871,-0.194110327680844,-0.193982236874729,-0.193852775792493,-0.193788819671964,-0.193615782206007,-0.192980519620864,-0.192320004437164,-0.191747039383658,-0.191406515272388,-0.191140340407698,-0.190960104942282,-0.190766408050286,-0.190663068086933,-0.190618716008472,-0.190515036495342,-0.190405201585453,-0.190371226555404,-0.190144608283544,-0.190160428595275,-0.190143070390611,-0.190021488473088,-0.190018826422111,-0.189997154884331,-0.189935230382091,-0.189900360011681,-0.189847407838962,-0.189643378402645,-0.189495991660818,-0.189422943895181,-0.189364972089387,-0.189311240683042,-0.189252134048403,-0.189187616508182,-0.189149661261221,-0.188701259375126,-0.188384820323114,-0.188415007731734,-0.18809345091538,-0.187918604403378,-0.187813316976565,-0.187728681649852,-0.187529843889691,-0.18744675751984,-0.187391104466374,-0.187277712853212,-0.187192898246747,-0.187016810342974,-0.186776593290015,-0.186721987991138,-0.186643810050383,-0.186564297235449,-0.186484784280905,-0.18647011394606,-0.186421562347075,-0.186371568694813,-0.186321610753865,-0.18627168852727,-0.18622036001279,-0.186167589445911,-0.18611489036498,-0.185681892178961,-0.185241467127211,-0.184750666403697,-0.184194875675629,-0.184008148814741,-0.183811408522525,-0.183481832505599,-0.183718919300307,-0.183567514704273,-0.183493254362695,-0.182210678020822,-0.182132098090761,-0.182000106107711,-0.181890059119457,-0.181828201606646,-0.181710935871843,-0.180918745732617,-0.180833813610361,-0.180974606975224,-0.180752453590255,-0.180515448781098,-0.180181177985309,-0.179724628904107,-0.179087247607361,-0.179061253985987,-0.179007824646885,-0.178955765577569,-0.178902264407275,-0.17884869140322,-0.178796560484424,-0.178744357723688,-0.17869211903184,-0.17863984440576,-0.178588975938524,-0.178538107451474,-0.178487167102338,-0.178437632904247,-0.178388062757782,-0.178385178562891,-0.178370613894669,-0.178357455398231,-0.178342890725581,-0.178328326050816,-0.178313761373935,-0.178299160770033,-0.178284596088629,-0.178271437577912,-0.178258243139018,-0.178245048697137,-0.178233296351028,-0.178222950174714,-0.178211161896488,-0.178200779787522,-0.178190397675346,-0.178179979632635,-0.178171039613838,-0.178162063664563,-0.178153087712135,-0.178145517929256,-0.178137948143395,-0.178131820455884,-0.178125692765941,-0.178119601002175,-0.178114915409636,-0.17811163598885,-0.178106950392738,-0.178105113071813,-0.178101833646699,-0.178099996323766,-0.178099637033028,-0.178099241812999,-0.178100288697303,-0.178101335582008,-0.178078358370704,-0.177695062010472,-0.177678044248188,-0.177386370905165,-0.176953812125973,-0.176514319651131,-0.175993022664532,-0.175924665574917,-0.175933599415306,-0.175192782018679,-0.175157405848761,-0.17488788154988,-0.174406904116158,-0.174351423414044,-0.17426140675537,-0.174106138018045,-0.173995643256281,-0.173851547960614,-0.173853539806975,-0.173730962087429,-0.173739592128894,-0.173743565778181,-0.173651861424396,-0.173548145011186,-0.173506722228513,-0.173461369186186,-0.173443199122646,-0.173376827573649,-0.173307607572411,-0.173295566156545,-0.173223497655923,-0.173149986794835,-0.173073699516416,-0.172694636932883,-0.172296174155066,-0.17209081171531,-0.171843049772249,-0.171811105868876,-0.171697030610583,-0.171358480996698,-0.171285290636148,-0.171008608687262,-0.170504566126702,-0.169946979958326,-0.169913485023669,-0.16914847658363,-0.168448330495342,-0.167373031807514,-0.167107164220429,-0.166853629405315,-0.166595483105598,-0.166321116070508,-0.166214295401422,-0.165956512422034,-0.165889810698426,-0.16577111833178,-0.1656335740724,-0.165271273441427,-0.164912039239224,-0.164894877991308,-0.164857707362073,-0.164820572941193,-0.164783402341506,-0.164746267951614,-0.164709097381474,-0.164671890628918,-0.164633241723429,-0.16459448423646,-0.164560017056032,-0.164473704330627,-0.16438728302517,-0.164300825532582,-0.164263329245814,-0.164176799358118,-0.164090233268932,-0.164003594763178,-0.163384827144251,-0.16260835550138,-0.161552911912002,-0.161494717535026,-0.161401693498899,-0.161308741923803,-0.161215862820854,-0.161123019934043,-0.16102877109826,-0.160933188860029,-0.160839085032276,-0.160820264263224,-0.160791312021919,-0.160760917606814,-0.160731929085264,-0.160701534664071,-0.160671176516164,-0.160642260537981,-0.160611938664193,-0.160583058961303,-0.16055280964356,-0.160545598787601,-0.160515385751345,-0.160485208998014,-0.160455032249074,-0.160424891785426,-0.160394787608836,-0.160366125609319,-0.16033749989879,-0.160331767501041,-0.160303178082672,-0.160274624956737,-0.160246071840524,-0.160218997187983,-0.160191922545686,-0.160166326367984,-0.15981360448335,-0.158862787285178,-0.156981423617426,-0.155391323001349,-0.153933217704961,-0.152706247313435,-0.151177331232014,-0.150350754842312,-0.150113697132124,-0.149775724964313,-0.149543159376401,-0.149162751166224,-0.14806753865107,-0.147096666420971,-0.146119448939136,-0.145128753727885,-0.144602694860356,-0.144417164702107,-0.144153419037327,-0.14385543073456,-0.142418012893595,-0.142412354607208,-0.142415881006558],"lat":[51.5691202668882,51.5690137056909,51.5689225442649,51.5686820038445,51.5683170133174,51.5676894593661,51.5672800585809,51.5661108694858,51.5656956116313,51.5656712563693,51.565416851255,51.5653263910674,51.5651606337104,51.5645877290024,51.5645525212232,51.564462426477,51.5643715473072,51.5643050919653,51.5642467931303,51.5638532549713,51.5636329454979,51.563525707617,51.5633478028651,51.5632528035489,51.5630642366381,51.5628425486671,51.5625476729959,51.5622776552594,51.5622060363927,51.5621086533064,51.5619107036557,51.5614650120493,51.5613970105983,51.5612391428083,51.5611699000452,51.5610519238764,51.560710035649,51.5605280487903,51.5604296376269,51.560350997054,51.5602177285266,51.5601494378588,51.5600654358354,51.5599801924023,51.5598029957931,51.5585847551629,51.5582562916355,51.558010589092,51.5570085840267,51.5568591905219,51.5556841062357,51.5555968048078,51.5554754289197,51.5553966104915,51.5552897334175,51.5550457161254,51.5548576364988,51.5547032008725,51.5546371736627,51.5545873171035,51.5545487255852,51.5544965624727,51.5544317951609,51.5541380674215,51.5539475659327,51.5538599193503,51.5536201839984,51.5533597421406,51.5528351685492,51.5521209264907,51.5519665390888,51.5517133081798,51.5516504084898,51.5515111518746,51.5514187109342,51.5513577199584,51.5512842166239,51.55121730244,51.5508702620593,51.5506572827032,51.5498924287712,51.5496179553924,51.5494844767331,51.5493195704017,51.5489692303079,51.5489691843432,51.5488381501721,51.5484262980332,51.5483060935326,51.548171761347,51.5481039035044,51.5480368292475,51.5477418248877,51.547662560238,51.5476090102002,51.5475275327187,51.5474538900475,51.5469956712978,51.5461043690544,51.5456146724942,51.5451884112365,51.5450610789365,51.5441927024285,51.5435543582396,51.5431861170814,51.5430462947317,51.5429170958996,51.542736973574,51.5424793133102,51.5421107028708,51.5417584312932,51.5414591801917,51.541192026665,51.541115479486,51.5408570582246,51.5405939135914,51.539813350123,51.5395144425504,51.5392378163323,51.5388913010742,51.5386425786226,51.5384979859461,51.5379186472698,51.5376191161383,51.5373614535799,51.5368847252629,51.536309329862,51.5360681436518,51.535821565486,51.5355186717107,51.5345861869671,51.5345663934299,51.5340424527963,51.5327366111148,51.5311078508197,51.5308298194279,51.5307255519734,51.5307894177393,51.5308480222188,51.5309374346623,51.530746101477,51.530557688801,51.5304071446188,51.5302820441078,51.530094835017,51.5298731116716,51.5298428544092,51.5297688368811,51.5296904880243,51.529626012383,51.5295436330511,51.5294542264672,51.52872492707,51.5283186151765,51.5279571394574,51.5278683537273,51.5277811801263,51.5277220268451,51.5275958597057,51.5272022713081,51.5270711888052,51.5266782354254,51.5266331356934,51.5265869006973,51.5265227338091,51.526408767201,51.5262360428225,51.5258791595275,51.5255169977782,51.5254586963913,51.5252807765616,51.5249049114155,51.5246103186499,51.5245345950832,51.5244312862712,51.5242368042073,51.5237938205528,51.5236996950945,51.5236494002499,51.5235607938452,51.5233969132327,51.5232712657728,51.5231408202658,51.5230993229712,51.5230708408838,51.5230149017886,51.5229430817505,51.5229274493943,51.5230195877409,51.5229850208986,51.5226921011927,51.522460273561,51.5221466536113,51.5220954694765,51.5220898917006,51.5221892630408,51.5216895558655,51.5214938576327,51.5212657379967,51.5209200957278,51.520684213452,51.520284287967,51.5191367571904,51.5185409947628,51.5183959942896,51.5182741539851,51.5181760878434,51.5180198880693,51.5178943563686,51.5178424901352,51.5177653527299,51.5177910246711,51.5178855378118,51.517926844972,51.5180751412422,51.5182078746157,51.5182625102648,51.5182916084764,51.5182575745493,51.5182196688536,51.5181059517624,51.5179631533752,51.5179340025893,51.517643689442,51.5170425261569,51.5162236194747,51.5161990080284,51.515799977237,51.5153380399993,51.5153330480016,51.5152983018929,51.5152174142986,51.5151469946228,51.5148203439119,51.5159864779962,51.5160400543908,51.5153806266667,51.5152260288338,51.5150251338202,51.5150183604607,51.5149634133317,51.5148407591101,51.5147155475113,51.5146712428806,51.5145393649956,51.5145052449987,51.514598063987,51.5147880496795,51.514866633854,51.5146279160214,51.5151442387934,51.5147905136155,51.5147155561685,51.5144610498467,51.5141518611142,51.5137765803566,51.5133715887808,51.513144399878,51.5130117840619,51.5129572629747,51.5128752052539,51.5127109993337,51.5126793355654,51.512665231071,51.5126614257306,51.5126521344013,51.5127087692476,51.5128597344136,51.5130719919931,51.5131247097973,51.5133899546883,51.5134342597848,51.5134389369109,51.513462296885,51.5134832308953,51.5141260346205,51.5144775414204,51.5159382734765,51.5160790850788,51.5161770165942,51.5164471047174,51.5164956096567,51.5165945513677,51.5171018798722,51.5170302480493,51.5170191621254,51.5170091355048,51.5169439429314,51.5167179922015,51.517164620582,51.5173639975772,51.5177281355759,51.517597140101,51.5175645540287,51.5175515781899,51.517545837505,51.5175464103904,51.5175617056484,51.5179494076993,51.5180210593297,51.5189330694953,51.5186943105288,51.5191469106287,51.5188848367814,51.5198152961155,51.5200044828107,51.5200410240228,51.5200822643413,51.5201403208356,51.5204397105202,51.5208172299913,51.5213477955626,51.5218880754033,51.5226484835626,51.5238778998001,51.5238701490726,51.5238781086844,51.5239074991753,51.5239488608122,51.5240260780606,51.5245415822002,51.5246229091363,51.5246882665357,51.5246418028463,51.5239957595937,51.524060192715,51.5240638685384,51.5240553629894,51.5239942834452,51.5252701807763,51.5250411001184,51.5312053201574,51.5333202369789,51.5346272409583,51.5375191431907,51.5374705618878,51.537440846327,51.5374187529702,51.5373910856555,51.5373485110754,51.5373101491532,51.53726515607,51.5372054062115,51.5371041731177,51.536751876803,51.5365193017063,51.5363611038893,51.5363621156099,51.5372812937002,51.5368586292672,51.5364032599441,51.5363043297789,51.5362189209256,51.5357794866656,51.5369001244485,51.5378905399305,51.5379883878833,51.5381198930797,51.5384133241923,51.5385030385752,51.5385651175327,51.5385973591516,51.5377928684696,51.5383826922363,51.5376322699843,51.5380387992387,51.5381062663036,51.5381543675483,51.5381996157342,51.5382771268123,51.5394767166221,51.5396146039827,51.5397920559741,51.5397929063358,51.5397933091299,51.5397926904102,51.539784904264,51.5397594757283,51.5397521704663,51.5397052886008,51.5396464605324,51.5395924282151,51.5395613900607,51.5394994519396,51.5391454725423,51.5387658043691,51.5383785559741,51.5382612325405,51.5381870522946,51.5380748238303,51.5379534362754,51.5379012833074,51.537254641697,51.5371626268331,51.5350339911873,51.5349868197486,51.5349454939022,51.5348765311815,51.5345945239389,51.5345237236383,51.5347763229909,51.5348884546545,51.5349863495408,51.535061643596,51.5351401006564,51.5351975985797,51.5352649060294,51.5355317900255,51.5357594693534,51.5359378822304,51.5361082607612,51.5362417581968,51.5362893788329,51.5371290710511,51.5372947317929,51.5382667442603,51.5397377801691,51.5406030593135,51.5407249341343,51.540836989593,51.5409474025246,51.5417226239704,51.5426123434436,51.54261236557,51.5430368462015,51.5446034111747,51.5452859167442,51.5453106012458,51.5460102285804,51.5464989128711,51.5468112396464,51.5469573704577,51.5474880304536,51.5482898850008,51.5488948323111,51.5494179018812,51.5498334463555,51.5501854853828,51.5502528700671,51.5504419881767,51.5507737907466,51.5512374954932,51.5516301743538,51.5520608378281,51.5524506831873,51.5527845815327,51.5531901373366,51.5533039275691,51.5535306087751,51.5537019832078,51.5541313136714,51.5542400160512,51.5545865511368,51.5546481913448,51.5549564105539,51.5551495487198,51.5551861113603,51.5552880323824,51.5554203755552,51.555702488276,51.5559241703305,51.556154989718,51.5563216701457,51.556463012002,51.5567536478203,51.5567499870451,51.5563535917827,51.5563297856372,51.5560338330871,51.5557393654798,51.5557311011341,51.5558896563851,51.5559615764346,51.5560867882116,51.5562090592633,51.5563345748982,51.5563716933855,51.556385141938,51.5563994008955,51.5564158979767,51.5564199946799,51.556203971737,51.55613569284,51.5560710307727,51.5559373623429,51.5555553721785,51.5554387569262,51.5553053309642,51.5553074759237,51.5553377300995,51.5553655017464,51.5554111918501,51.5554227257023,51.5555592811925,51.5556151309182,51.5556274798676,51.5556520890251,51.5556920131379,51.5557716069915,51.555916362901,51.5559375564314,51.5559840529821,51.5560613177676,51.5561473395084,51.5561819430931,51.5561873111036,51.5561927756869,51.5562844286659,51.5563414003219,51.5564603596963,51.5565019650665,51.5566480705276,51.5568253205055,51.5568811722233,51.5569323977481,51.5569798515303,51.5570548329834,51.5572507314786,51.5577171246227,51.5577627502405,51.5578324548323,51.557906218787,51.5580360690566,51.5580972156139,51.5581567418376,51.5582210935406,51.5582569305673,51.5584484849088,51.5587592997221,51.5589407333711,51.5589407112318,51.5591158977676,51.5588792427345,51.5589125071502,51.5590134773996,51.5591075929569,51.5591833988338,51.5592316427539,51.5593894331963,51.5595925472469,51.5598681007873,51.5598676770798,51.5598804581612,51.5600365867876,51.5604022877777,51.5606075439345,51.5606210464626,51.5606149134211,51.5606948871867,51.5606708466415,51.5607392481288,51.5606700113466,51.5606537925991,51.5606017710898,51.5605224472747,51.5604790910134,51.5604632387943,51.5604813473091,51.5605639836204,51.5606557165882,51.5607053998953,51.5607580123772,51.5607873697811,51.5608244825224,51.5608313392199,51.5608853827216,51.56091398535,51.5608679299923,51.5608435653231,51.5609506086111,51.561180923716,51.5615385381844,51.561580067147,51.5615811136179,51.5616354610957,51.5617055207743,51.5618239314816,51.5619194557667,51.5620554560647,51.5623775830093,51.562636668256,51.5627656345825,51.5634950184641,51.5637506460814,51.5639697924238,51.5645245453818,51.5646279166813,51.5647013199048,51.5648073740028,51.5649588073023,51.5650569066186,51.5652533898084,51.5652951784695,51.565354300303,51.5654334379555,51.5654784699734,51.565513527403,51.5655395089233,51.5655506132848,51.5655787628299,51.5657717101591,51.5658108434441,51.5659146864282,51.5659938171007,51.5660290598827,51.5660529314376,51.5660822329139,51.5661034304777,51.5661241525172,51.5661817505845,51.5662101151758,51.5664654759883,51.5666281233298,51.5666587528639,51.5667016074266,51.5667417435943,51.5667818797066,51.5667879476435,51.5668114766948,51.5668349834381,51.5668575914742,51.5668793008032,51.566900089136,51.5669208551559,51.5669398237812,51.5670518291149,51.5671691134292,51.567246949579,51.5673624452662,51.5674135099357,51.5674985903789,51.5677668572973,51.5679728558386,51.5680064817793,51.5680233169986,51.5686697909636,51.5687225279428,51.5688481749116,51.5689300990732,51.568961513226,51.5690073558419,51.5694051306002,51.5694361865285,51.5696685741201,51.5696669286735,51.5696758433887,51.5696994355281,51.5697858751423,51.5699198644006,51.5699203602782,51.5699213296374,51.5699241187138,51.5699268853871,51.569931449398,51.5699360357657,51.5699424194722,51.5699497018363,51.569957882858,51.5699669849211,51.5699760869619,51.5699869863422,51.5699988067668,51.570011525851,51.5700114810781,51.5700148519358,51.5700191438593,51.5700225147135,51.5700258855659,51.5700292564164,51.5700335259459,51.5700368967928,51.5700411887064,51.5700463792994,51.5700515698908,51.5700567828691,51.5700629169154,51.5700690285721,51.5700760612971,51.5700830940211,51.5700910254249,51.5700980805362,51.5701060343274,51.5701139881179,51.5701228629779,51.5701317378373,51.5701406350858,51.5701495323339,51.5701575309011,51.5701664505384,51.570176291246,51.5701852108829,51.5701950739802,51.5702049146875,51.5702147777847,51.5702237645913,51.5702336500784,51.5702435579556,51.5702534658328,51.5704311583055,51.5702732352672,51.570265777082,51.5701983004642,51.5701897826667,51.5700660529758,51.5698951889071,51.5698725446161,51.569793550475,51.5695554243066,51.5694298799621,51.5694220912826,51.5692536456495,51.5693058375946,51.5693916632641,51.5695214355057,51.5696141362428,51.5697171048502,51.5699194646283,51.5699175569838,51.5702423165745,51.5704312185996,51.5707750991136,51.5709866044661,51.5710480072105,51.5710994571364,51.571120756044,51.5711925612654,51.5712634228699,51.5712758247687,51.5713457427431,51.5714156382191,51.5714827927078,51.5716873125032,51.5719077152258,51.5719189042999,51.572051728974,51.5721285658619,51.5722382942171,51.5724038744244,51.5724297110323,51.5725279121952,51.5726459484968,51.5727676438312,51.572775214619,51.5728514069096,51.5728935362794,51.5729702690527,51.5729787060243,51.5729675517845,51.572927549286,51.5728603155675,51.5727894048913,51.5727404142587,51.5727483641403,51.5727572998205,51.572732668827,51.5726631587879,51.5725891993774,51.5725853340478,51.5725766596003,51.5725670864677,51.572558411997,51.572548838841,51.5725401643471,51.572532388515,51.5725245901151,51.5725194877232,51.5725153516634,51.5725086061639,51.5725045566214,51.5725014056888,51.5725008191152,51.5724994654381,51.5724990103704,51.5725003525854,51.5725284378571,51.5725666400384,51.5726876931103,51.5726993707387,51.5727158980709,51.572730627985,51.5727435604811,51.5727555942315,51.5727667066356,51.5727751003469,51.5727826179112,51.572784121415,51.5727863653632,51.5727885867004,51.5727917293055,51.5727939506272,51.5727952732695,51.5727966185093,51.5727970424647,51.5727974890184,51.5727961156156,51.5727960025832,51.5727937304994,51.5727905597364,51.5727873889657,51.5727833195158,51.5727783513869,51.5727734058591,51.572767561653,51.5727665725452,51.5727598296594,51.5727521880955,51.5727445465246,51.5727360288861,51.5727275112415,51.5727181175306,51.5725902901479,51.5721931987854,51.5720764391785,51.5719300570258,51.5718028154377,51.571705272499,51.571616448426,51.5715737475047,51.5715124591985,51.5713065998886,51.5712058146122,51.5710856114994,51.5708003579202,51.5706159740798,51.5704458697781,51.5702170934963,51.5701305427331,51.5700799492008,51.5700011411082,51.5699127983444,51.5692803658388,51.5692775785376,51.5691202668882]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0793794679952908,-0.0793450658328605,-0.0792433132778058,-0.0791027549534167,-0.0790548282792321,-0.0790471062324555,-0.07887132945488,-0.0787364332869772,-0.0787212763552402,-0.0787369282447463,-0.0787909331361159,-0.0787483081921752,-0.0790892798592161,-0.0790992470989345,-0.0790492293600214,-0.0789625214053599,-0.0788825890062166,-0.0785441684989222,-0.0785152152122937,-0.0785022608992913,-0.0783982081493266,-0.078166787953061,-0.0779632893376501,-0.0777894969809648,-0.0775781067686937,-0.0770781588534066,-0.0769192153049312,-0.0768826844426672,-0.0768865170161536,-0.0768939908941509,-0.0768954331090376,-0.0765587463298985,-0.076285614490146,-0.0762764388450584,-0.0761725600335151,-0.0761509201905723,-0.0760821198057568,-0.0757814386890466,-0.0757762070610501,-0.0757585016575725,-0.0756992285896379,-0.0756935817364355,-0.0756408644135954,-0.0756214223397679,-0.0755840919508136,-0.0755665834244084,-0.0754118867349699,-0.074834519324432,-0.0746180847022504,-0.0744215088260629,-0.0741969268839624,-0.0740496180799881,-0.0738330695955609,-0.0735211699505754,-0.0731407510723234,-0.072990978731522,-0.072914234425376,-0.0728354042122366,-0.072781056805717,-0.0727597183896207,-0.0727493259301498,-0.0727640256061321,-0.0727712242837251,-0.0728271564621701,-0.0729165549395869,-0.0729835553082207,-0.0730440363017684,-0.0730632102891492,-0.0731430901776385,-0.0732674651134013,-0.0733892690211323,-0.0733919219669636,-0.0734873889167792,-0.0736641909438215,-0.0739691045271914,-0.0743065798380701,-0.0744420409548168,-0.074813823405628,-0.0751461155995787,-0.0764340393791842,-0.0768191905377155,-0.0768576649037952,-0.0768769210408802,-0.0769181247724686,-0.0773705103229474,-0.0774029974183903,-0.0776433394817361,-0.0776863310482862,-0.0777341332611016,-0.0778032007014793,-0.0779658605104961,-0.0781469115757869,-0.0780482086537291,-0.0780826659079651,-0.0783344307488403,-0.0794297679793971,-0.0791736309902736,-0.0789900830164836,-0.0788405955223366,-0.0788432873400365,-0.0788109988139041,-0.0787305892848478,-0.0784714989901411,-0.0784528135681574,-0.0782365019386912,-0.0779228606541731,-0.0771314330910912,-0.0767179388606556,-0.0764539010805481,-0.0761871114605987,-0.0761634208893119,-0.0760795370328528,-0.0760145685720931,-0.07586313589412,-0.0758384217773724,-0.0758152617524103,-0.0757704956607028,-0.0757272882234803,-0.0757186477875529,-0.075776504773504,-0.0759154570792695,-0.0764430828692708,-0.0765605363683075,-0.0766013463939545,-0.0766292608494441,-0.0766425373187151,-0.076640457636826,-0.0766356481458915,-0.0765396617851449,-0.0763572079411812,-0.0763153638733536,-0.0772533170276193,-0.0768885364894057,-0.0763495131690883,-0.076039205975887,-0.0756803672168023,-0.075635327443339,-0.0754784840453982,-0.0753184175354619,-0.0749322357210175,-0.0746496634404512,-0.0743736086375631,-0.0741706135214572,-0.0740450776114171,-0.0737730001640364,-0.0731491444664572,-0.0729224106256887,-0.072787924579839,-0.0722654485239092,-0.0719265233782881,-0.0716333227280287,-0.0712324811621416,-0.0705313117840919,-0.0699146563933718,-0.0692959553480491,-0.0679957197980599,-0.0673088773025682,-0.0663132818583332,-0.0661789719332997,-0.0658962503080176,-0.0656236596175847,-0.065364176403,-0.0651402946467993,-0.0651103490333893,-0.0649807318040677,-0.0632631349891491,-0.0626747132097853,-0.0622380443817036,-0.0623141808912635,-0.06245756146081,-0.0625711523781979,-0.0627166360343566,-0.062754138948088,-0.0628380602001606,-0.0628503284679396,-0.0627966832079861,-0.0626641805958108,-0.0624704334773673,-0.0620951667226883,-0.0617015421562737,-0.0613410913741274,-0.0609386125695339,-0.0606831916439668,-0.0606551380365017,-0.0604604609815163,-0.0603712522872703,-0.0601992374010285,-0.0599097214448177,-0.059684728326365,-0.0593558022445841,-0.0590633451541702,-0.0587538152191519,-0.0581126701116175,-0.0575659949088571,-0.0572999686772776,-0.0568150795307674,-0.0562119437475241,-0.0556483334691501,-0.055425196554523,-0.0552474927873734,-0.0552402883294353,-0.0552257261997168,-0.0550387402816159,-0.0548638176750106,-0.0547036337113635,-0.0543899635569778,-0.0541411105407796,-0.0538568103390698,-0.0534668430424416,-0.0530158934595942,-0.0528360675901365,-0.0528099014630887,-0.0527108733675247,-0.0525817059608839,-0.0523945939803683,-0.052142195514783,-0.0518797258544417,-0.0517651464712763,-0.0516039582684983,-0.0514285906284435,-0.0509568720366007,-0.0508092059977941,-0.0506547191699535,-0.0504990985725379,-0.0503581561185097,-0.0502490678087521,-0.0499183254603088,-0.0496255474222156,-0.049551426021299,-0.0492995519451368,-0.0489018203146133,-0.0485864546856649,-0.0485146980363245,-0.048428494029586,-0.048310705619068,-0.0481866540740136,-0.0480793168513998,-0.0479917678687259,-0.0478536335937185,-0.0475748114002997,-0.0473277844441899,-0.0471595070813359,-0.0469232768274565,-0.0459826314088135,-0.0449262794998573,-0.0448607071109111,-0.0447889859527289,-0.0447066392046949,-0.0446431011588687,-0.0442999280535345,-0.0439705596257117,-0.0438324542088806,-0.0437294548965901,-0.0435767401109554,-0.0434697798898746,-0.0423914104948979,-0.0414372349043811,-0.0411027059877436,-0.0407348502977221,-0.0401554967971121,-0.0391113523538649,-0.0386563049285759,-0.0379497598011524,-0.0375511791170602,-0.0375339075797831,-0.0374683741169156,-0.0373788554250846,-0.0372655623874342,-0.0371701629058197,-0.0371567292037753,-0.0377626801075587,-0.0367850118587683,-0.0358728340855019,-0.035149757809608,-0.0345371960603436,-0.034070013467758,-0.0338843762752997,-0.0337793886970375,-0.0336534107791605,-0.0334264491677781,-0.0333877000219078,-0.0332630690185987,-0.033173173623215,-0.0330625518686994,-0.0329204108913928,-0.0319949180916163,-0.0315140268142501,-0.0310650464113901,-0.0309507582246979,-0.03051672718009,-0.0299258041100434,-0.0296521695060485,-0.029474780687862,-0.0293862278867555,-0.0291557254777019,-0.0290162525281695,-0.0290069802767257,-0.0287174837199035,-0.0283869753496574,-0.0278432677146857,-0.0273778430845133,-0.0270511094318777,-0.026506655205091,-0.0258581688584779,-0.0257628235796505,-0.025707673987125,-0.0256595743246659,-0.0256127249975469,-0.0255429655440688,-0.0255056093101388,-0.0253485639507192,-0.0238635092354698,-0.0230707351730638,-0.0230835885046009,-0.0230098573863434,-0.0227529863936484,-0.0225534876997365,-0.0223716720543015,-0.0223550404213382,-0.0222974332767819,-0.0214567867704041,-0.0203520987952522,-0.0198933904696857,-0.0192281714248171,-0.0185558279202014,-0.017784367644796,-0.017421052321568,-0.017050531994022,-0.0168233082684128,-0.016764955636411,-0.0165715766344541,-0.0165681958066512,-0.0165402863723021,-0.0165020939200255,-0.0164548203813701,-0.0163123314194165,-0.0160925865784974,-0.0161142961911571,-0.0161958669539343,-0.0162079428004263,-0.0163420711274287,-0.0164365753926709,-0.0165153247784009,-0.0166349903755701,-0.0167872134540903,-0.0170046649489548,-0.0172338395873434,-0.0174612210494867,-0.0176226652918501,-0.0177517069994284,-0.0178018852028367,-0.0177694743347328,-0.0178119504561301,-0.0178795761889421,-0.0179459911500074,-0.0181067389320155,-0.0183110281969801,-0.0186465675619923,-0.0188104635086122,-0.0189163675714606,-0.0190286288625147,-0.0191478316905776,-0.0192343089363414,-0.0194270288770765,-0.0194964315733657,-0.0195009105005287,-0.0195085444260672,-0.0196717700186449,-0.0197678895984699,-0.0199035387458571,-0.0200049925816294,-0.0202027578705953,-0.0205586029602439,-0.0206000801055894,-0.0208253022076937,-0.0210899764782705,-0.021245955091998,-0.0212641850691437,-0.0212424188074996,-0.0212206124802305,-0.0211750548069302,-0.0211704263018731,-0.0209752895473749,-0.0208678485736474,-0.0205987158661691,-0.0204395190732293,-0.0201424669856484,-0.0199178157431013,-0.019705005254502,-0.0195555948233036,-0.0193462983355822,-0.0191641073743943,-0.0190830064581858,-0.0190371052477223,-0.0190315170130963,-0.0190033744943493,-0.0189632735726708,-0.0188763250484639,-0.0186680804602877,-0.0183760389003951,-0.0181905382238606,-0.0181260207089915,-0.0179879580677601,-0.0179868295393146,-0.0179729853621597,-0.0180109603842472,-0.0180416498340237,-0.0181783889100516,-0.0182373213929252,-0.018232547056418,-0.0181974318936768,-0.0180333924994301,-0.017779026116678,-0.0175466011446638,-0.0174522611933346,-0.0174439681010646,-0.0171844587783443,-0.0168589899902874,-0.0164721147109567,-0.0155124074087377,-0.0149589209773634,-0.0145788643174785,-0.0142805448063547,-0.0141753137527626,-0.0140835187132416,-0.0140674035528755,-0.0140482114844531,-0.0139661827138503,-0.0136473398338302,-0.0131746647060738,-0.0126758500236176,-0.0118751204417922,-0.0111785143416858,-0.0109286286724293,-0.01078660680271,-0.0106362635656063,-0.0105687440733577,-0.0104872366865416,-0.0104313306214251,-0.0103536799031393,-0.0102124935728949,-0.0100517477828134,-0.00943424102672676,-0.00893301179766897,-0.00872649478249836,-0.00858620778283095,-0.00845861445134184,-0.00836870288403433,-0.00822921341698215,-0.00804441069294165,-0.00776020962792085,-0.00763698020535915,-0.0075245807747193,-0.00746846448895908,-0.00750556431318685,-0.0075490208455047,-0.00769360086044019,-0.00778971826188052,-0.00782726156865512,-0.00789688171769511,-0.0079810562048484,-0.00808203849076723,-0.00811129583047556,-0.00815326092940677,-0.00814330816508978,-0.00811277570410499,-0.00785701524549015,-0.00786258436007955,-0.00790356609557779,-0.0080700428594067,-0.00833980149497804,-0.00839629673221156,-0.00849193885275929,-0.00851783913920303,-0.00858591390683806,-0.0093168009830305,-0.00926692323980065,-0.00916265377178553,-0.00909536528826308,-0.00904329429559126,-0.00912407407061178,-0.00914882507401085,-0.00918787060211997,-0.00915850261218123,-0.009159011416961,-0.00919667627601488,-0.00911869972341189,-0.00904580909866656,-0.00864290990602892,-0.00797662824449941,-0.00755082076887368,-0.00736972363891892,-0.00705020384314636,-0.00695147127315187,-0.00666606417153401,-0.00655372614382306,-0.00648699624664033,-0.00641544714798028,-0.00630356566156483,-0.00627971593390169,-0.00627939779296399,-0.00630246153924096,-0.00629942713095658,-0.00626749710169292,-0.00622666685127778,-0.00616964068781902,-0.00613166787820533,-0.00602991556156972,-0.00587572573561737,-0.00583906402279124,-0.00574993712178386,-0.0056562148357522,-0.00549067627603032,-0.00531843475600206,-0.00514197791555786,-0.00484997385116636,-0.00431546933774774,-0.00405429624449273,-0.00347225584767049,-0.00343607758029388,-0.00338230131742591,-0.00330820359657122,-0.00323157885456952,-0.00314810623093155,-0.00303310413771719,-0.00289381336421339,-0.00277523703969998,-0.00267749321146965,-0.00259166496284724,-0.00219232826159079,-0.00221978715010053,-0.00105015468608735,-0.000661100051820315,-0.00059581580802014,-0.000129321791032673,6.02480564742555e-05,0.000251336215383225,0.000794328933396297,0.00185736975323118,0.00247626846344522,0.00274354404158497,0.00327156472673613,0.00330611117062313,0.00339410507163174,0.00349508111489114,0.00357721571600253,0.00361446546851397,0.00362638487078503,0.00359302745891281,0.00344489536060774,0.00332761672413649,0.0032853786431381,0.00318857901817716,0.00315768630943584,0.00274081508040952,0.00270499001681219,0.00264762335347074,0.00261041900868837,0.00255465710808722,0.0025508016336574,0.00265080524343454,0.00186874730182931,0.00177399877927152,0.00175373299232171,0.00173112948624537,0.00163427182194462,0.00139657884250277,0.0013841009088112,0.00168677655637834,0.00175521798155839,0.00187840377563824,0.00208059552131546,0.00217378822288758,0.0022022349493333,0.00248804139133004,0.00299094171087202,0.00360168523503972,0.00367832386988901,0.0037523189810732,0.00382962799648124,0.0041085445452373,0.00430650285116265,0.00439551004987325,0.00443900754706067,0.00451830902780936,0.00459774917494576,0.00468001035478561,0.00478318193100085,0.00480383620634675,0.00491598551123823,0.00494906823505822,0.00502931945968259,0.00512432786051398,0.00513381768469187,0.00526266451078045,0.00529746578759538,0.00533654825837342,0.00538508057004063,0.00544904084604462,0.00549707994669126,0.00557822365862593,0.00564954261843071,0.00570647931090627,0.00581321075986631,0.0059881831601711,0.00604665848347719,0.0061659763426332,0.00626278362744611,0.0064127982679321,0.00662759957129394,0.00673819504584893,0.00681010329815712,0.006877453962142,0.00695129436590359,0.00703026324414462,0.00710027491925782,0.00721496395922405,0.00734307319466855,0.00735474876550554,0.00735716588367079,0.00718428786644329,0.00679292869269355,0.00654476254349,0.00610939354036255,0.00584985924754046,0.00570289143811117,0.00564365058031604,0.00557480220888662,0.00554162048172404,0.00553883862667391,0.00555943176910191,0.00559945576432419,0.00570560202365268,0.00609253341003948,0.00638404948504486,0.00638063343578701,0.00720392685984135,0.00724628315826376,0.00813693683423268,0.00873090207468709,0.00882700459472529,0.00888606198862121,0.00893075874426432,0.00902752709671382,0.00907231953834701,0.00911251512497881,0.00918507341264158,0.00920009990472575,0.00920613059837523,0.00920255575444604,0.00918730286818039,0.00915725480854464,0.00908850218854704,0.00904598576158049,0.00899064517887741,0.0090398132251822,0.00906225408153552,0.00875668806738981,0.00867845595388799,0.0081933565012678,0.00705514518943598,0.00694016572867863,0.0068116129442826,0.00617102552200621,0.00613693959452486,0.00617655192287085,0.00583407277697322,0.00575723811082626,0.00571212496188809,0.00561440324544135,0.00391683022424925,0.00392183945574076,0.00370011927471367,0.00367844045868311,0.00348711028686999,0.00347359851161445,0.0034294922581134,0.00339905546082655,0.00336169467329773,0.00326503698616493,0.00323450035393657,0.00322664875428797,0.00322743708096891,0.00324576021079239,0.00323997925917876,0.00321968012534969,0.00319314800085412,0.00316190171985958,0.00310154023478695,0.00305958335215165,0.00299040600092019,0.0029556126828053,0.00285631401303981,0.00274324609310226,0.00141228953751587,0.00113473185725486,-0.00133686768261484,-0.00171369865633334,-0.00174307309072733,-0.00207310648738974,-0.00205974342620989,-0.00212899434362388,-0.00224881562027447,-0.00233406306457458,-0.00242071102660503,-0.00248413377689821,-0.00259408196982481,-0.00279455408458512,-0.00283021342768854,-0.00280897037711743,-0.00282731083956308,-0.00319505341635923,-0.00339628070791801,-0.00337872776711262,-0.00370821513152926,-0.0041289253306491,-0.00480763379481526,-0.00524078958045959,-0.00535854475832822,-0.00554184711908163,-0.00565939725134791,-0.00574920506888112,-0.00563419359631534,-0.00569259805382592,-0.00552023865422942,-0.00583895331695266,-0.00600953387154628,-0.00617995643653678,-0.00640116567623105,-0.00652394143386051,-0.00656539507351511,-0.00667784463648047,-0.00670692754773766,-0.00672733201428577,-0.00672151628993904,-0.00668359230998752,-0.00661469744957593,-0.0065870768186328,-0.00661930268569442,-0.00692260708810013,-0.00701017873166163,-0.00714810504887671,-0.00733844848014525,-0.00736750146497984,-0.007403599715952,-0.0074745485852253,-0.00751839372447862,-0.00764015705516507,-0.00768187405788725,-0.00848225091030702,-0.00888363816311896,-0.00898592101396124,-0.00898414748721032,-0.00894225590572956,-0.00890522269541034,-0.00848508114948648,-0.00780119981548231,-0.00779724518589224,-0.00775016593801807,-0.00783185053741609,-0.00777020011779611,-0.00766055445893911,-0.0076531700939693,-0.00765442420794803,-0.00779541188518804,-0.0078302502546208,-0.00783399186351346,-0.00782505010527007,-0.00780595179582721,-0.00776790175512114,-0.0076447792192689,-0.00760303120061576,-0.0074253359119668,-0.00736754694255012,-0.00733807907592556,-0.00729302044239999,-0.00700518945126999,-0.00692746512144418,-0.00642621441436921,-0.00632585366655785,-0.00565705628004331,-0.00616707709278319,-0.00615562209747293,-0.00621601839129994,-0.00617386112349945,-0.00599529972193948,-0.0058806204612469,-0.00571607787829944,-0.00561088941381999,-0.00539500364460788,-0.00516753899178057,-0.0050089055267863,-0.00477225469655117,-0.00422507886694044,-0.00369988018134978,-0.0032704131995847,-0.00324551158717997,-0.0031720997554962,-0.00310945934323953,-0.00304954513977758,-0.00305394322828535,-0.00304504634024398,-0.00314340474691253,-0.00320316906868891,-0.00325364145247722,-0.00336149430231979,-0.00361488281350598,-0.00369230874533282,-0.00381351826711487,-0.00386298064670333,-0.00407649158976003,-0.00430881734913144,-0.00444583071173354,-0.00450657137989052,-0.00518207880057236,-0.00519530779344749,-0.00532488743804989,-0.00466873234349848,-0.00502403806770527,-0.00524446419442612,-0.00539772595768836,-0.00555798786815943,-0.00621770254089805,-0.00634734371054773,-0.00652639232605562,-0.00725336955123211,-0.00796002278614001,-0.00821974731393518,-0.00845266260084746,-0.00859940450960726,-0.00983891567057277,-0.00994040839284071,-0.010287644857845,-0.0102326394651475,-0.0110631544712786,-0.0116529738344137,-0.0123593436005193,-0.012983312786495,-0.0130287003937921,-0.0132002125969991,-0.0132028297749598,-0.0132031032109396,-0.013804382403232,-0.0138187364375711,-0.0138959905148512,-0.0139320513349858,-0.0139932442009269,-0.0140540129006616,-0.014813147790921,-0.0151666324995362,-0.015353352599997,-0.0164066833743212,-0.0165410430876496,-0.0166978861022953,-0.0168870928903231,-0.0178658979577297,-0.0182031628520952,-0.0184143131629852,-0.0186095144112785,-0.0186394286994893,-0.0188287173017525,-0.0191344738977091,-0.0207686188266965,-0.0213979666103853,-0.0217068076071686,-0.0227225475930495,-0.0229736665997847,-0.0234323002515389,-0.0235972916735066,-0.0238724222673209,-0.0241555312840985,-0.0244298510316427,-0.0249526273231223,-0.0254567480102748,-0.0255632764458435,-0.025698988838789,-0.0258822528773772,-0.0261375062516144,-0.0263974387304658,-0.0265607591828269,-0.0266099499181528,-0.0266190175260145,-0.0267653347358881,-0.0271241625246485,-0.0274181766687405,-0.0274086470382089,-0.0274249561625028,-0.0274218442713454,-0.0268254565191647,-0.0255149829659077,-0.0255690018499565,-0.0255770956692699,-0.026812251265453,-0.0269156291249124,-0.02711596704874,-0.0277105603841391,-0.0277791604701747,-0.0278121589731381,-0.0278367184449229,-0.0278784340322692,-0.027884990725299,-0.0278800306056337,-0.0278211169738321,-0.0276964446443947,-0.0275946987982572,-0.0274855570689318,-0.0274800048107892,-0.0274812450225368,-0.0275087879094485,-0.0275159768960742,-0.027468978304417,-0.027750077784934,-0.0277493924503646,-0.0277646263053443,-0.0274636790627328,-0.0274705988563871,-0.0274290870072489,-0.0273948269852376,-0.0273159277937581,-0.0273144879592304,-0.0269970723839157,-0.0268935614590756,-0.0265949670596337,-0.0264438982998021,-0.0262972656428383,-0.0261717230078734,-0.0260887549168141,-0.0259297463221542,-0.0258593487058484,-0.0258319583160567,-0.0257960840353765,-0.0261970704798041,-0.0263766262034217,-0.0268049362228011,-0.0268766578165483,-0.0269064680278637,-0.0269276002324854,-0.0269603326953024,-0.0269566063428666,-0.0270529650277934,-0.027221402915244,-0.0273458887351037,-0.0275973014155431,-0.0275672269373575,-0.027649947121442,-0.0277494812948907,-0.0278504950301402,-0.0280903811494131,-0.0276746030532046,-0.0277666288556808,-0.0281437288406487,-0.0283761780021999,-0.0287588701490028,-0.0288102044676489,-0.0288592844201241,-0.0288713520633681,-0.0288732236413618,-0.028859216855641,-0.0288146605668449,-0.0279362749841574,-0.0279508342122244,-0.0280147492294436,-0.0280218326948984,-0.0289932312811623,-0.0290795904896863,-0.0297372528029268,-0.0296736663608986,-0.0300234421219953,-0.0304144200218413,-0.0315550507100256,-0.0315667713989595,-0.0312729398857067,-0.0308092789819041,-0.0303360884106152,-0.0298767962861861,-0.0299132351613968,-0.0300515121983981,-0.0304791801303884,-0.0308943116310044,-0.0310995194132502,-0.0312235104300756,-0.0312948466967759,-0.0315016231944613,-0.0314639931865393,-0.0315674287129605,-0.0315980177799864,-0.0316254944064105,-0.0318707314489237,-0.0322040813612604,-0.0325294883133629,-0.0326630545477252,-0.0330417664416609,-0.0330319731679868,-0.0332479166504736,-0.0331586669814077,-0.0333169631533381,-0.0333915881867094,-0.0347103668268869,-0.0351310441118621,-0.0355393715076657,-0.0359298781972221,-0.0359713794250499,-0.0359676610417019,-0.0361270159448436,-0.0361456208582545,-0.0364056690855027,-0.0374768210862945,-0.037460450911884,-0.0374350429163744,-0.037427031583477,-0.037429023494695,-0.0374427290628077,-0.0374651909195417,-0.0374807999924724,-0.037496409069309,-0.0375336578370993,-0.0375683353978229,-0.0376672528593171,-0.0377156246438823,-0.0377753624902026,-0.0378390730082518,-0.0378965599224501,-0.0379607066778418,-0.0380606738375488,-0.0380932666596293,-0.0382845765192463,-0.0387335059151573,-0.0390975751035683,-0.0396209144879694,-0.0397411095831999,-0.0407260739879189,-0.0412783334168328,-0.0414442513654449,-0.0415641960887993,-0.041658033079313,-0.0417491825500698,-0.0415998290498247,-0.0421252132345421,-0.0429412472634341,-0.0438381395438181,-0.0438013655605944,-0.0439250964919808,-0.0439903551636168,-0.0450454584263116,-0.0450504376110769,-0.0454449835070957,-0.0454418215240184,-0.0457024009751613,-0.0467169330204509,-0.0468868731486395,-0.0478276218789008,-0.0480986787263528,-0.0484023561721399,-0.0486884244645342,-0.0488104047656476,-0.0489310215177516,-0.0491198371980856,-0.0491934323501403,-0.0495393670401587,-0.0496757096618281,-0.0497095959817282,-0.0497272782948578,-0.0497305420972948,-0.0495872299853267,-0.0494132352797319,-0.0493296341688267,-0.049398733813951,-0.0494765132512096,-0.0495347280390157,-0.0495955541932141,-0.0496863137064818,-0.049808620376765,-0.0507550898942721,-0.0508023032256292,-0.0514221560752793,-0.0513572368249422,-0.0518445473891015,-0.0523513602993249,-0.0524268744040229,-0.0525646623152061,-0.0527130245606258,-0.0530485185543298,-0.0529101370567218,-0.0538430953116842,-0.054010008451613,-0.0542025624190529,-0.0540528137935514,-0.0547528545603013,-0.054857725994085,-0.0553113937563664,-0.0553695056303844,-0.0563161691107266,-0.0564379884878895,-0.0569487457868653,-0.0573536353909069,-0.0578613015721647,-0.0582565150378364,-0.0583025796154597,-0.0584515104120578,-0.0584940424610767,-0.0587462240228291,-0.0587901347198002,-0.0588379181146534,-0.0593556208398096,-0.0593613803554587,-0.0597543634546082,-0.0598828179877282,-0.060287385740284,-0.0603932600665603,-0.0605510744030316,-0.0606414815750322,-0.0608315456953509,-0.0611092899647184,-0.0613930514745814,-0.0613959312379979,-0.0618375666148259,-0.062302708702604,-0.0623180311509193,-0.0626337391112797,-0.062773925143365,-0.0628194514687115,-0.0628190156389042,-0.062876154129999,-0.0629348849804684,-0.0629912859191306,-0.0630502915842816,-0.0630896259470115,-0.0631315733464126,-0.0631732540147398,-0.0634241605897958,-0.0634285710129865,-0.0644712984083288,-0.0648147757510269,-0.0651511690817842,-0.0652212496345052,-0.0659323081290914,-0.0660247613807036,-0.0668099368080646,-0.0668879696935969,-0.0676168099388753,-0.0680063767164443,-0.068019099198417,-0.0680603588777917,-0.0680606965493058,-0.0680416643905809,-0.0680238484923183,-0.0679348670214013,-0.0678629320474099,-0.0679760328887808,-0.068048875568493,-0.0681380427687785,-0.0681278578366477,-0.0681911817920393,-0.0683035735535436,-0.0684580103343508,-0.068976639937593,-0.0699735840555047,-0.0700175012567486,-0.0700297394195564,-0.0701381481871533,-0.0707785721518378,-0.0711647009395228,-0.0712837234738273,-0.0713196449830621,-0.0712408175111141,-0.0712937532645605,-0.0712445959006985,-0.071402499223542,-0.0714196652490252,-0.0715691693496784,-0.0718755790020437,-0.0719884289305143,-0.0720430724966346,-0.0721018842994232,-0.072293401101616,-0.0722835841315734,-0.0724058302830356,-0.0724887083779253,-0.0725244816221627,-0.0726538918155184,-0.0726905720718476,-0.0726425195691015,-0.0733993453627405,-0.0734575900783778,-0.0735999978233313,-0.0736996613313785,-0.0745969335888284,-0.0745018572768899,-0.0748859624119128,-0.0753004607870471,-0.0754962661340019,-0.0756904424877725,-0.0761798297648967,-0.0772274612522625,-0.0776946072394042,-0.0778654041450743,-0.0781203344651409,-0.0785813460853838,-0.0788570926115041,-0.0790604529526717,-0.0791859679821384,-0.0791906282897162,-0.079222007069388,-0.0792947316488694,-0.0793104588477768,-0.0793794679952908],"lat":[51.5078427881949,51.5079069714204,51.5078936146488,51.5082204411849,51.5083320635111,51.5084128702943,51.508651891623,51.508809749873,51.5088274867445,51.5088322394427,51.5088502100339,51.508938538362,51.5090547323129,51.5090575933379,51.5091161251601,51.5091218990039,51.5094119494182,51.5094405772849,51.5094436999649,51.5095118313649,51.5096558064162,51.5098813253737,51.5100254689544,51.5101143450445,51.5101720298174,51.5102034012611,51.5102133847822,51.5102595472193,51.5103396440675,51.5104701590952,51.5105043545645,51.5105258111104,51.5105438128699,51.5104537365149,51.5104565288891,51.5104570731789,51.5101061330022,51.5101281779399,51.5100813306568,51.5098859010389,51.5098561522532,51.5098533618262,51.5098048361416,51.509787431219,51.5097499490825,51.5097550573447,51.509801078849,51.5099939360693,51.509966103136,51.5099457899225,51.5100086475849,51.5100502923197,51.5100934975167,51.5101081583439,51.5101073044956,51.5101048437438,51.5101476464541,51.5102398740824,51.5102983321305,51.5103600303564,51.5106404283698,51.5108043350431,51.5108727970101,51.5110841426681,51.511253773017,51.5114419197144,51.5116821162591,51.5118083275067,51.5123402025033,51.5129447490413,51.5133711999642,51.5133766390943,51.5136758618066,51.5141310927564,51.5144535385221,51.5146874915205,51.514790432457,51.5150995856068,51.5153541339664,51.5162574355087,51.5165919805395,51.516636675022,51.5166585729403,51.5167069091844,51.5173959628866,51.5174459545772,51.5178653509131,51.5179739664104,51.518036798608,51.5181080726064,51.518250123111,51.5184689115946,51.5184852794041,51.5189678458729,51.5189449932938,51.5188451312934,51.5194515324032,51.5201139764975,51.5206519814618,51.5206565218358,51.5207387245977,51.5210395577889,51.5215101211485,51.5215430875368,51.5218533842309,51.5219417677387,51.5221140429224,51.522211577314,51.5220121087994,51.5221516144073,51.5222006849707,51.5223782612154,51.5225516513875,51.5228953812262,51.5229687148675,51.5230393762271,51.523178026654,51.5234848636576,51.5235872371821,51.5238561648567,51.5243215614823,51.5242870510023,51.5253312154003,51.5257311544497,51.5259923965263,51.5261562788792,51.5262740473562,51.5263881740445,51.5265106974581,51.5268719042175,51.5271463903968,51.5272966574217,51.5275029018534,51.5278753479424,51.5281229496151,51.5283931349778,51.5284355603784,51.5285993495571,51.5288053506811,51.5294159031964,51.5297916507703,51.530012832619,51.5301425899539,51.5302133686034,51.5303401924706,51.5305691484946,51.5306463568904,51.5306900094865,51.5308396933708,51.5308763880332,51.5309228259722,51.5309576014951,51.5310027233735,51.5310267502796,51.5310309566319,51.5310931793254,51.5311403164423,51.5312264238283,51.5315038785739,51.5320171892734,51.5324614235818,51.5329364481649,51.533217819952,51.5331759602014,51.5329004480694,51.5330789313429,51.533184319631,51.5332472490644,51.5333896901134,51.5336123764336,51.5337896077035,51.5340986570764,51.5342341649652,51.5346348209058,51.5349911291906,51.5350999526186,51.5353000971393,51.5355163158341,51.5354570608282,51.5352868926876,51.5350147561677,51.5346798750467,51.5344472413325,51.5344287923958,51.5343275546951,51.5342892101198,51.534231511038,51.5341565810411,51.5341240834398,51.5340943623017,51.5340886243575,51.534111379385,51.5342014842621,51.5343417099112,51.5344263309917,51.5346053452161,51.5348183684188,51.5349834837841,51.5350427330658,51.53508475,51.5350846305599,51.5350879861688,51.5351109644898,51.5351215529389,51.5351584640169,51.5351766426287,51.5351626230721,51.5351345260386,51.5350821934946,51.5349721942493,51.5349287428114,51.5351702088631,51.5355309659607,51.5357194643617,51.5359141946541,51.5360844598843,51.5362203855237,51.5362697403268,51.5363300112305,51.5363846508329,51.5364568481158,51.5364705811898,51.536475208153,51.5364726220063,51.5364639848004,51.5364522798469,51.5363973228883,51.5363313058515,51.536311189033,51.5361990898524,51.5359910413549,51.5357789661458,51.5357373057991,51.53569630431,51.5356520794926,51.535619440704,51.5356005687825,51.5355910186339,51.5355842236424,51.5355292247754,51.5355062285625,51.5354962332053,51.5354905017896,51.5356034306508,51.5357917598727,51.535807752904,51.535832636001,51.5358699315665,51.5359057420806,51.5361410226031,51.5364241930422,51.5364839389614,51.5364984079771,51.536461689261,51.5365012712376,51.537000354159,51.5374610342336,51.5377629950051,51.5381021670933,51.5386985898678,51.5396406502162,51.5400952620416,51.5407641859153,51.5411459986919,51.5412122549228,51.5412606178441,51.5413301616686,51.5413489491524,51.5414210922039,51.5414316585383,51.5417943052892,51.5424622839144,51.5430153466091,51.5433629416213,51.5436557305349,51.5440552666964,51.5442131229897,51.5443066848432,51.5444187792136,51.5445984235971,51.5446274495667,51.5446748194543,51.5446859019606,51.5446759539318,51.5446277084138,51.5440834218525,51.5437974824056,51.5435408528285,51.543482281238,51.5433805730714,51.5432384597119,51.5431295499747,51.543029450388,51.542875988002,51.5425699644614,51.5422933469519,51.5422743067073,51.5423323905582,51.5424050718468,51.5425389149372,51.5426632807869,51.5427486114475,51.5428995217669,51.5431215190115,51.5431585826621,51.5431999197586,51.5432449725203,51.5433610878566,51.5433401300378,51.5432702582601,51.5432334429965,51.5433244408274,51.5433479533334,51.5433841403549,51.543388293384,51.5433920575178,51.5434030830188,51.5434054136777,51.5434231185111,51.5434877933666,51.5435176819932,51.5435835758778,51.5435857260583,51.5435942796078,51.543567637871,51.5434655781213,51.54342976296,51.5433938248803,51.5433459200105,51.5433943928919,51.5433641456641,51.5433092335672,51.5431882606767,51.5430716102168,51.5429979707362,51.5428256009804,51.5425395168656,51.5424382674702,51.5423533178309,51.542340932383,51.5421417659561,51.5417593793117,51.5415071191106,51.5413751524195,51.5412572249495,51.5411979526646,51.5411343818188,51.5410788735763,51.5410141572993,51.5409318073099,51.5408058593371,51.5405229435786,51.5403087378231,51.54017948758,51.5400780939471,51.5399297339323,51.5397749151682,51.5395863425197,51.539465012572,51.5393507963975,51.5391233805346,51.5387692859028,51.5385378373962,51.5382839025911,51.5382464061056,51.538242884678,51.5382331216855,51.5381270666822,51.5380720358316,51.5380032839758,51.5379582348512,51.5378869340444,51.5377283743379,51.5377029956421,51.5375638132216,51.5373461609173,51.5371410627302,51.537019969936,51.5369233817899,51.5368609649009,51.5366812433409,51.5365219959605,51.5363001834208,51.5362174371967,51.5361391566703,51.5360861115987,51.5359866758358,51.5358138227235,51.5356339749643,51.5354551972111,51.5351944745191,51.534940503984,51.5347493901433,51.534611027886,51.5343744275711,51.5342255740465,51.534119683139,51.5340300869922,51.5338781914693,51.5336970028447,51.5335526847658,51.5334778552075,51.5332704906451,51.5332632774771,51.5330840903268,51.5330064961485,51.5329638500946,51.5327701211928,51.5326083503472,51.5324526972727,51.5323648755382,51.5322245167843,51.5319729213734,51.53158141123,51.5314961853376,51.531487951806,51.5313216980727,51.5311471345063,51.5309922146929,51.5306486503101,51.5305124888557,51.5303999434694,51.5302645004723,51.5301646992832,51.5300543343149,51.5300270835746,51.5300042770539,51.5299345441905,51.5298401181649,51.5297026188402,51.5296357165419,51.5295493069831,51.5294556648013,51.5294001695777,51.5293177266632,51.5291946755666,51.5290568422963,51.5288099607901,51.5286372531107,51.5285334198829,51.5283988330969,51.5283160716211,51.5279629742122,51.527720658304,51.5275966511093,51.5274746672663,51.527227001756,51.5270078531205,51.5268346242874,51.5266426404596,51.5264489680845,51.5263326683564,51.5261994664342,51.5259988764066,51.5257764889854,51.5256396396804,51.5254649404076,51.5253766465169,51.5253422128554,51.5252004122086,51.5249563425168,51.5241289353127,51.523821883576,51.523586988822,51.523418657254,51.5233255144486,51.523009125759,51.5228815247073,51.5228012869024,51.5227852297096,51.5227808180289,51.5225101992912,51.522168304007,51.5220041782587,51.521798503112,51.521797421311,51.5215528739199,51.5214647746732,51.521388094245,51.5211938683542,51.5209281577888,51.5208233638848,51.5204238536075,51.5200726416597,51.5199287678451,51.519858365201,51.519729345946,51.5196489732985,51.5194676758976,51.5191452156832,51.5189275547525,51.5188165662777,51.5185746304937,51.5184920188498,51.5182281800063,51.5180940786255,51.5180048163737,51.5178938897833,51.5176833582982,51.5175363725244,51.517444641983,51.5172795690901,51.5170520031969,51.5168590174777,51.516737821734,51.5166244440389,51.5165698425272,51.516457502924,51.516357760663,51.5163391519918,51.5163007666331,51.5162685979277,51.516230711543,51.516214293315,51.5162283781906,51.5162809642383,51.5164076596449,51.5167440372504,51.5175290821462,51.5175653362037,51.5176084848009,51.5176548844837,51.5176931477007,51.5177232008818,51.517749120104,51.5177701293028,51.5177789013505,51.5177727405204,51.5177577898713,51.5176277888417,51.5175931851734,51.5169833374104,51.5167833635118,51.516793041798,51.5165512789192,51.5164698100885,51.5163901135854,51.5161839122142,51.5158402377586,51.5155904672921,51.5154734951283,51.5151236549775,51.5150897919951,51.5149929665751,51.5148635456835,51.5147317487736,51.5146609695411,51.5145384655153,51.5144023467026,51.5140811408823,51.5138718163175,51.5138617465832,51.5136592662169,51.5136121326798,51.5134726714644,51.5134445066584,51.5133852353123,51.5133256196614,51.5131386248574,51.5129192693688,51.512866303513,51.5117276931893,51.5114073725615,51.5112080810052,51.5111527122002,51.5111129990207,51.5111152570294,51.5109949680792,51.5109628244266,51.510847449239,51.5106987659168,51.5105442374153,51.5105003808688,51.5104918018101,51.5104365630865,51.5103695226994,51.510362687281,51.5103685720895,51.5103798976232,51.510401058439,51.5104844207797,51.5105619719378,51.5106198024571,51.5106586268382,51.5107579894888,51.5108276738637,51.5109287843537,51.5112435631824,51.5112872742555,51.511445426825,51.5115096085727,51.5116961836599,51.5119562463786,51.5121395348351,51.5128747317148,51.5130108254202,51.5131459466433,51.5132665179808,51.5134102064553,51.5134867220467,51.5135950451609,51.5136765581954,51.5137259435016,51.513793361798,51.51387220257,51.5138909862837,51.5139168226473,51.5139223608031,51.5139251900984,51.5138936378292,51.51385217774,51.5138158758741,51.5137742563426,51.51371633889,51.5136439453348,51.5135645108691,51.5133539178376,51.5128912998602,51.5128290505085,51.5126545510794,51.5121970845247,51.5116543288272,51.5112215305564,51.5108575807197,51.5105922393849,51.5104616612115,51.5103925314041,51.510268710491,51.5101694591311,51.5101389315752,51.5100171781697,51.5099112792986,51.5097359051803,51.509522455355,51.5094662101192,51.5093556585148,51.5092012847125,51.5092796954253,51.509116967964,51.5089584165372,51.5089154040584,51.5088820187618,51.5088497787014,51.5087563955805,51.5086935786756,51.5086245456195,51.5084722253495,51.5084207095709,51.5083612544868,51.5083127551973,51.5082608589018,51.5082002233835,51.5081114743123,51.5080294699047,51.5079180092841,51.5078236429996,51.5077441228716,51.5073168086923,51.5073073574462,51.5074505555949,51.5077506125265,51.5077903495331,51.5077835567078,51.5079959529027,51.5080073272144,51.5081217560012,51.50819865636,51.5080569867492,51.5080469670832,51.5080531346784,51.5083159636338,51.5083644385396,51.5083691261847,51.5083676980359,51.5080139572013,51.508001598271,51.5079816685749,51.5079776921832,51.5079801289424,51.5080105566502,51.508037157049,51.5080552765345,51.5080732484381,51.5081295893658,51.5081620617773,51.508192084373,51.5082114222097,51.5082218478774,51.5082255766882,51.5082217969731,51.5081888062953,51.5081183583312,51.5080885798197,51.5080734246605,51.5079882339526,51.5079354172226,51.507470378198,51.5074210451155,51.5074413295255,51.5073417381622,51.5072848566268,51.507250065672,51.5071792661563,51.5071411505058,51.5071039579173,51.5071365125739,51.5071266947588,51.5070239953816,51.5069994231584,51.5068920485148,51.5068680806187,51.5066639139647,51.5066097868942,51.5065168634646,51.5062976556276,51.5059693894761,51.5054746505893,51.5051250098129,51.5050352873925,51.505127432458,51.505174394953,51.5050976858875,51.5050255871563,51.5049420492048,51.5048303065867,51.5045272777222,51.5043826983077,51.5042417130336,51.5040925982079,51.5039867731611,51.503961399045,51.5038940668266,51.5038549933731,51.5038166716732,51.5037518255402,51.5036963256007,51.5036241123885,51.5035966648547,51.5035846228824,51.50346927615,51.503311594022,51.5031556668087,51.5027560292522,51.5026845814837,51.5024846581063,51.5022124861566,51.5020001046094,51.5016199844745,51.5014894000892,51.5013411268587,51.5013551368126,51.5012894283297,51.501230945806,51.5011672858069,51.5011243914428,51.5011109623271,51.5008016886813,51.5006280627547,51.5004851785841,51.5004622860326,51.5001249124035,51.5000951723121,51.5000662702722,51.5000375149963,51.5000093351163,51.4999703591584,51.4999506388207,51.4999244081391,51.4998998034507,51.4998802724056,51.4998952667517,51.49963017259,51.4987161945468,51.4984885969495,51.4984044642525,51.4982813980694,51.4983070817554,51.4980081028821,51.4969816103297,51.4969043655244,51.4958552367656,51.4957227244653,51.4956550845226,51.4956246370105,51.4955672662775,51.4955984023108,51.4954201954723,51.4951961770506,51.4950316203695,51.4946637444181,51.4946931480702,51.4944989050029,51.4945407413711,51.4937760435929,51.4928714311381,51.4921500987548,51.4919617273283,51.4917626378504,51.4914818981863,51.49090804288,51.4908073995373,51.4906813502158,51.4901776354612,51.4899637276436,51.4898305958769,51.4896040177918,51.4891784810043,51.4889558809232,51.4888851035613,51.4888409820851,51.488602712916,51.4883953387757,51.4882924560186,51.4882539218362,51.4885522829029,51.4885462130671,51.4884485984505,51.488102906193,51.4878499619884,51.4877170229874,51.487637796572,51.4875631853766,51.4872659551062,51.4871998148765,51.487123723251,51.4869022701381,51.4867173373417,51.4866408151744,51.4865845203022,51.4865555381224,51.4863391754507,51.486489277542,51.4864538039031,51.4862945990266,51.4861755975892,51.4861262490735,51.4860464996399,51.4860067160221,51.486056045705,51.4860535563499,51.4859933496433,51.4859870593904,51.4860053394533,51.4860064818654,51.486018581673,51.4860173939363,51.4860013442845,51.485961906414,51.4859936460138,51.4860131191679,51.4860252723993,51.4861483106254,51.4861721659423,51.4862089911621,51.4862634496434,51.4864112930316,51.4864727484428,51.4865194818941,51.4865686432628,51.4865763428987,51.4866290010633,51.4867195972683,51.4872678686015,51.4874700340759,51.4876227250426,51.4881497425282,51.4883050537994,51.4886248316224,51.4887400211603,51.488939799287,51.4891549987363,51.4893736464683,51.4898096050478,51.4903441664754,51.4904457789321,51.4906054357654,51.4908648123845,51.4912584920573,51.491710702236,51.4920317914553,51.4921603152036,51.4921838487423,51.4924650837445,51.493096111822,51.4936936748169,51.4937141976446,51.4937702265262,51.4937755697788,51.4939417922611,51.493930525053,51.4941139857803,51.4941267117954,51.4941475021313,51.4941555364799,51.4941867844609,51.4942624330205,51.4943085501265,51.4943450757722,51.4944102360086,51.4947454647138,51.4948939539479,51.4950422494929,51.4955727251321,51.4966920133972,51.4967127837466,51.4976389906526,51.4977342194683,51.4980058186896,51.498268867663,51.4985027977491,51.4994911997451,51.4994878342623,51.4996038280286,51.4997515638259,51.4997474013781,51.5009552316833,51.5019832932898,51.5021760591015,51.5023348011884,51.5023347769682,51.5031117981174,51.5031397323557,51.5031472978541,51.50314205785,51.5031341945143,51.5031051035925,51.5030911173993,51.5030695563084,51.5030647742083,51.5031317580395,51.5031950019816,51.5032521104969,51.5032650243615,51.503356762709,51.5033642643098,51.5033746577844,51.5033858045128,51.5034286206938,51.5035148874781,51.5035524792273,51.503656030546,51.5039431916919,51.5043943552458,51.5044567979893,51.5046434378565,51.5048411516063,51.5050379908764,51.5053558681747,51.5054406013968,51.5056453829412,51.5055887755381,51.5058453771372,51.506226803738,51.5062393570277,51.5062707569643,51.5062916428835,51.5063150552245,51.5063390999518,51.5063698253199,51.506588866885,51.5066187874459,51.5067070908771,51.5067099077791,51.5064726450078,51.5064749956434,51.5070966470313,51.5071342471292,51.5074440744789,51.5072330193407,51.5078169079006,51.507845881082,51.5080765561564,51.5084023988562,51.5085814996205,51.5088057951851,51.508863060957,51.5088312116651,51.5087053034092,51.5085692912115,51.5084891049129,51.5084543166166,51.5084375288523,51.5084212159458,51.5082578175064,51.5081984036868,51.5081908237233,51.5081885870983,51.5082160837377,51.5082387634862,51.5082451222792,51.5082221835373,51.5083292533915,51.5083893398279,51.5084613054602,51.508592899775,51.5086315249682,51.5085383536487,51.5089021807217,51.5090054506562,51.5090608512329,51.5091285416277,51.5091688042371,51.5093557887773,51.5094034205048,51.5094064298384,51.5092237372935,51.5094152244482,51.509460812941,51.5094819700827,51.5095007205493,51.5095214369382,51.509537853028,51.5095517178529,51.5095573746315,51.5095630314081,51.5095681510239,51.5095660334977,51.5095110350526,51.5094920606138,51.5094768733768,51.5094698459444,51.5094735055146,51.5094898661589,51.5095445950601,51.5095910027173,51.509632871202,51.5096826448815,51.5096950274891,51.5097235602879,51.5097435545986,51.5098283575246,51.5098546682521,51.5098502450721,51.5100105183129,51.5100066896645,51.5099983197534,51.5097844991233,51.5097653939457,51.5097232597349,51.5096438002619,51.5094930100446,51.5094977715718,51.5095555135231,51.5094831797152,51.5094005305738,51.5093405612339,51.5092460859885,51.5091847823167,51.5088141016493,51.5089850939174,51.5086545409915,51.5085502418451,51.5083232859982,51.5082048471085,51.5081493238084,51.5080919791743,51.5079899065314,51.5079875336856,51.5080193660412,51.508032424622,51.5079475582485,51.5079046877187,51.5078957493734,51.5078771793746,51.5078347180732,51.5077002367884,51.507600668735,51.5075677903974,51.5075543703948,51.5075472886269,51.5075478987145,51.5075859030719,51.5070863607532,51.5070943395615,51.5067854021003,51.5067195765775,51.5064435057763,51.5061830443088,51.506203182868,51.5061146455221,51.5061836544324,51.5059868906282,51.5058865736781,51.5053643008439,51.5054713849653,51.5053486832361,51.5052445819824,51.5048110609696,51.5048523679414,51.5045532433439,51.5044067280131,51.5037641619039,51.5036780531877,51.5034590034873,51.5033236278032,51.5031431912144,51.5030319322598,51.5030668668991,51.5030207725062,51.502969319467,51.5029348258797,51.5029526387018,51.5029471348072,51.5028693737446,51.5028694690525,51.5028444972785,51.5028394283362,51.5028470198405,51.5028307857231,51.5028468846427,51.5028555738289,51.5028587167576,51.5028669060691,51.5029030712915,51.5029031188955,51.5030219269202,51.5030961586029,51.5030406575768,51.5030710527885,51.5031291227583,51.5032108082871,51.5032890368045,51.5033007717555,51.5033089359356,51.5032361281056,51.5032038300185,51.5031936885391,51.5031898850303,51.503192371929,51.5032558666881,51.5033557574924,51.503673324652,51.5037626242099,51.5038491080954,51.5037594389515,51.5039474227484,51.5039759252383,51.5042172830003,51.5041439306572,51.5043546787586,51.5044447283019,51.5045186772364,51.5045652192075,51.5045913033189,51.5046665276581,51.5047129957008,51.5047726795128,51.5048722115542,51.5049577060472,51.5048707785352,51.5048407732854,51.5047749595121,51.5047427299886,51.5047427827618,51.5045663736474,51.5047053070657,51.505050847253,51.505068655931,51.5050859432695,51.5051461791509,51.5054040124303,51.5055758274566,51.5056236471828,51.5056602083246,51.5057866068323,51.5058297426157,51.5059701179608,51.5060185769853,51.5060215570532,51.5058252790904,51.5059058548873,51.5058951205263,51.5058978173572,51.5059041797218,51.5059414997257,51.506003387276,51.5060431654965,51.5059572994824,51.5059291111189,51.5059015623548,51.5059543222085,51.5060344658788,51.5062663204981,51.5062178180366,51.5062579261959,51.5061840254265,51.5064343656807,51.5066045632601,51.5066882052234,51.5067687476792,51.5068070320466,51.5068497856517,51.5070340692568,51.5072391947976,51.5073358792596,51.5073521675175,51.5074237897888,51.5075293627526,51.5076885525259,51.5077872049727,51.5078180370022,51.5078100200018,51.5078177279872,51.5078360049393,51.5078389602796,51.5078427881949]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.138394434283573,-0.138515281916148,-0.139267809779572,-0.139451093461727,-0.139693035224613,-0.140529124705522,-0.140702232063821,-0.140804071249631,-0.140884321136182,-0.140937800944196,-0.141005943410488,-0.141031590353402,-0.141056431153774,-0.141077863935089,-0.141032182216857,-0.141043240988706,-0.141043302679164,-0.141018109283277,-0.140996580622733,-0.140805275155435,-0.140699094474202,-0.140659053474364,-0.140638819059633,-0.140597506691602,-0.140592691824904,-0.140622603546761,-0.140718791936926,-0.140755314917982,-0.140802884325849,-0.140817266536634,-0.140816937110218,-0.140682573825803,-0.140672981555935,-0.140667384989428,-0.140670891832684,-0.14068164481597,-0.140690308365341,-0.141036305843825,-0.141111787658669,-0.141145612425643,-0.141197279648517,-0.141202057802073,-0.141303437710259,-0.141541451009308,-0.141670491574708,-0.141890202569618,-0.142224516478278,-0.142536491732009,-0.142501030797427,-0.142415881006558,-0.142170893988015,-0.141587651701218,-0.140915879542213,-0.140706208319351,-0.140521136806211,-0.139489688669225,-0.139094370968029,-0.138856912205427,-0.13867724543688,-0.138448206116726,-0.138429055217863,-0.138343945893209,-0.138072423724491,-0.137595528084261,-0.137285065452077,-0.136892998620553,-0.136703880912813,-0.13655085198714,-0.136170334738106,-0.135904937869728,-0.13560319272984,-0.135258190393837,-0.135190602367761,-0.134225266305539,-0.133427141780264,-0.133396120324002,-0.133112151655482,-0.132977190338525,-0.132801590473596,-0.132681749810683,-0.132353653994059,-0.131915552452282,-0.131732665527008,-0.131612123067446,-0.131389743842079,-0.131197571139766,-0.131024846733895,-0.130529821000367,-0.129751909343077,-0.129375061490465,-0.128755339104799,-0.127496513185537,-0.127124279649869,-0.126777416220127,-0.126699649033582,-0.126530210166773,-0.126232416223177,-0.12615546231611,-0.125477822174501,-0.125476379992523,-0.125105628351109,-0.124880980554637,-0.124713687009928,-0.124623198927723,-0.124578009107818,-0.124554082459255,-0.124506601120827,-0.124404501499241,-0.124283542457206,-0.124119353216273,-0.1239603393834,-0.123845256827408,-0.123822920751524,-0.123775364149982,-0.123609104036657,-0.123435484823613,-0.12327369926892,-0.122407621931928,-0.122371126548633,-0.121794860903579,-0.121775889882872,-0.121758734129032,-0.119928333609406,-0.119650680991575,-0.119568325895935,-0.119539444335979,-0.119393922020324,-0.119238862262055,-0.119264010402861,-0.119140360850381,-0.118890252873418,-0.118899054473159,-0.119487436382917,-0.119567057770283,-0.1190640310866,-0.118868004974715,-0.118234455708463,-0.117800110147212,-0.117585305356948,-0.11745120041637,-0.117184434592066,-0.11658697931527,-0.115818827532522,-0.115585327057362,-0.116127865634468,-0.116099469171427,-0.115749063872006,-0.115405685522471,-0.11560153559105,-0.115606047698299,-0.115507590961773,-0.11519956294778,-0.115142771440666,-0.115139315361853,-0.115159536590889,-0.115166078631039,-0.115093499696273,-0.115047911178011,-0.115045919194829,-0.115043117087164,-0.111621277183244,-0.110707657609256,-0.110672315536938,-0.11033730684805,-0.109308563850008,-0.109056118739808,-0.108815397341792,-0.108614492833722,-0.108422539587206,-0.108320484931447,-0.107843778759654,-0.107770079766654,-0.107611272231092,-0.10733036365445,-0.107021576148462,-0.106903963966815,-0.106634186539727,-0.106204650874996,-0.104871506019498,-0.104603517967653,-0.104463625071842,-0.104402313023013,-0.104391151801867,-0.1045107463265,-0.103793755081595,-0.10216455294488,-0.10208598116461,-0.101929923375745,-0.101515722107294,-0.101417378415665,-0.101329970493532,-0.101101846080516,-0.100999140596893,-0.100961185506978,-0.100864846652823,-0.099479677742761,-0.0985876643478763,-0.0960322224603798,-0.0957588374850519,-0.0948255252344271,-0.0944990851080576,-0.0942915215266815,-0.0937563908299642,-0.0936353471379203,-0.0933406575294207,-0.0931261034378695,-0.0929852654248271,-0.0927685800513219,-0.0922825557013479,-0.0921679703429673,-0.0917028097383454,-0.0915914347458792,-0.0915565716077115,-0.0915115414098301,-0.0912501112121983,-0.0910476415833458,-0.0908841490569881,-0.0907708648771016,-0.0905577639766322,-0.0903753782512794,-0.0903115735945013,-0.0902925952343952,-0.0903834336182492,-0.0904203289974384,-0.0903199662962509,-0.0902663735579687,-0.0903079578840019,-0.0903330820417211,-0.0903933820061461,-0.0904033820548894,-0.0902578634536242,-0.0900374609696838,-0.0898728795983009,-0.0897535237212139,-0.0896460767276933,-0.089529141824452,-0.0892997000337032,-0.0890500005637066,-0.0885885307597679,-0.0877448976084251,-0.0876560816778331,-0.0875523896214625,-0.087356669542959,-0.0869934752749689,-0.0867890035725979,-0.0865098774690641,-0.0863514205316179,-0.0862703882640759,-0.0860789207883859,-0.085639679794982,-0.0855044391444076,-0.0854044050223605,-0.0853012239500309,-0.0851804813396128,-0.0846986438457913,-0.0846324880280443,-0.0845126210063509,-0.0843789881007326,-0.0837143024843843,-0.0832176868612835,-0.0811214566995024,-0.0802876498239067,-0.0799633591819839,-0.0797248710484784,-0.0795793925380997,-0.0795091751693119,-0.0794613396290114,-0.0793333106216917,-0.079041095999017,-0.0788687927358819,-0.0788029742546003,-0.0786840103983635,-0.0779052314044019,-0.0777182942282319,-0.0770904734434622,-0.0769162893764613,-0.0767575436331477,-0.0767289433574269,-0.076635744461442,-0.0764411109456302,-0.0764151577062647,-0.0763739202824152,-0.0763576805061269,-0.076377932100921,-0.0768394296666316,-0.0783210150052257,-0.0797198087747298,-0.0831659168394279,-0.0838383143867261,-0.0836294495595803,-0.0836606713593608,-0.0840862143821458,-0.0846891372133748,-0.0854943852125483,-0.0856823054146681,-0.0860362846549191,-0.0864042133788767,-0.0864622622088026,-0.0865709047733542,-0.0866174334372028,-0.0868158750953402,-0.0870860841540877,-0.0874096750171737,-0.0877013274876202,-0.0881990358379903,-0.0886615156570533,-0.0891393789587155,-0.0896906013930412,-0.0897186190758981,-0.0902576412880254,-0.0907729893686098,-0.0913750880818496,-0.0915885706465277,-0.091981602552744,-0.092548265387384,-0.0932846196313856,-0.093779251004127,-0.0939862085002684,-0.0944841053445598,-0.0945532076601539,-0.0950498098630195,-0.0950455693398057,-0.0960118120268072,-0.096163874635718,-0.0965525061912998,-0.0970336505939184,-0.0962614701673013,-0.0958952090292385,-0.0955248748931577,-0.095317711951786,-0.0951128997659889,-0.095083573033645,-0.095081989103873,-0.0950934845348046,-0.0951419587339395,-0.0954053613566806,-0.08960135390934,-0.0890500164416511,-0.0887804640592242,-0.0886629952752175,-0.0885982295735787,-0.0885522303837174,-0.0884847989329962,-0.0883102755669578,-0.0881319758358304,-0.0878378746317354,-0.0878041730634457,-0.0874399548462025,-0.0872945169049234,-0.0870321906503501,-0.0867954197623538,-0.0864563633676289,-0.086299117776423,-0.0850207111969484,-0.084908988032221,-0.084751022915619,-0.0850308690361957,-0.0852707205278882,-0.0854097519419759,-0.0854434344307641,-0.0851110961993634,-0.0851393733799046,-0.0845278500755477,-0.0842235517992884,-0.084315417477097,-0.0843382333919926,-0.084441335924436,-0.0845237696046524,-0.0847032725466779,-0.0849063156702261,-0.0850671459460576,-0.0852179066789452,-0.0853764576910552,-0.0855561364685949,-0.0858137962458454,-0.0859046213571104,-0.0862274520889507,-0.0863571351435002,-0.0875429141789208,-0.088129376760466,-0.0893030593988927,-0.0897805297137452,-0.0900043104292443,-0.0897046758767502,-0.0896935020542595,-0.0902636502587206,-0.0909262916151637,-0.0913720621695657,-0.0918215037438154,-0.0921761374615342,-0.0923745104683138,-0.0925168061004088,-0.0933015796358246,-0.0934146612999673,-0.0935931933852074,-0.0936153693639897,-0.0938753198999408,-0.0943447045212244,-0.0944101717987648,-0.094622858168302,-0.0950886678636239,-0.0959876073646706,-0.0960174250862479,-0.0964698396850375,-0.0966236937908779,-0.0966846840480718,-0.0966977614147548,-0.0967138489608534,-0.0967863181050472,-0.0979724532826793,-0.0979335410503358,-0.0979017192376215,-0.0977872474590479,-0.097701100087772,-0.0976400961769656,-0.0975121426091989,-0.0973837096209099,-0.0973745857891337,-0.097393148378212,-0.097403252135706,-0.0975167146795032,-0.0975681170595543,-0.0976241197029784,-0.0976701706728193,-0.0984513225154881,-0.098901910272571,-0.0993483432803946,-0.0996545817405544,-0.100110214344748,-0.10025751502651,-0.100301027928546,-0.1004301261057,-0.100802751543213,-0.101072674498257,-0.101575140789388,-0.101820797686006,-0.10208400050911,-0.103256768007067,-0.104756125491624,-0.105341131640742,-0.105349923289653,-0.10548951763617,-0.105884415279116,-0.106036470718735,-0.106165063664447,-0.106352529031939,-0.106501627746717,-0.106647748219447,-0.107020549148219,-0.108274441011435,-0.108285741772481,-0.10833695578676,-0.10860216878104,-0.10875833635703,-0.108966752160185,-0.10899126745988,-0.109244466628781,-0.1093216609607,-0.109481577706053,-0.10960467311539,-0.109809631003374,-0.109985219809988,-0.110602557799403,-0.111201357912202,-0.111885071783423,-0.112194220247546,-0.112357917145219,-0.112563048219487,-0.113212170965062,-0.113506859725837,-0.113612148880428,-0.113679656167517,-0.113880834858294,-0.114103165008543,-0.114206816346068,-0.11425342179999,-0.113735337654034,-0.113224671473578,-0.112949388983406,-0.113437713776847,-0.113625356606437,-0.113760400661362,-0.113824851888912,-0.114494835383188,-0.114705667403184,-0.115303556683591,-0.115432421413322,-0.115476112151255,-0.11552873769624,-0.11556976348858,-0.115680264420048,-0.115726922909826,-0.115783314149998,-0.115807015470925,-0.115841099094965,-0.115880247197116,-0.115943332060229,-0.1160166880765,-0.116052924025181,-0.116532520664817,-0.117102934308749,-0.117557690913294,-0.118141158591545,-0.119011421037366,-0.119895987894153,-0.121218885239303,-0.121995523906944,-0.122556113049131,-0.122553265107461,-0.122563452971613,-0.122464719851335,-0.122360522142287,-0.122340403315935,-0.122341030660235,-0.122338704102011,-0.122329122819241,-0.122340604054314,-0.122352307278812,-0.122400724785628,-0.122520976356958,-0.122606985467736,-0.12272443836027,-0.123075520511935,-0.123176280451748,-0.123378024644622,-0.123734371749593,-0.124050336957998,-0.124297613672376,-0.124861094222693,-0.12500890622097,-0.125086251733335,-0.125093200182192,-0.125266808372827,-0.125479478539465,-0.125689972869206,-0.125741164753912,-0.125827201019105,-0.125900560326803,-0.125938516506039,-0.125909697405353,-0.12599407699568,-0.126155334267936,-0.126361950176798,-0.126395659313426,-0.126509391853384,-0.12665369245887,-0.126888229439867,-0.127088637738488,-0.127138978207029,-0.127173131885963,-0.127204105619686,-0.127268638604243,-0.127609889675736,-0.127699443582272,-0.127781754030544,-0.127972394100059,-0.128235731042259,-0.129137592123756,-0.129347124530419,-0.129350007314999,-0.129834688260511,-0.13002552769981,-0.130162847563555,-0.130344870235105,-0.130714495487674,-0.130762018457591,-0.130814143476399,-0.130837363982543,-0.130879065802476,-0.130925607850139,-0.131027115163055,-0.131244982587744,-0.131354913736951,-0.131840732202357,-0.132161839674472,-0.133250486225784,-0.134005060841134,-0.134379545100974,-0.134639481535653,-0.134722445380085,-0.134883424418701,-0.135089227836075,-0.135147164143671,-0.135204173599614,-0.135255968183567,-0.135337594930336,-0.135474818664507,-0.13591279950435,-0.136544149109666,-0.13701742479802,-0.13717894952942,-0.137272379403083,-0.137384266604767,-0.137445614683876,-0.138394434283573],"lat":[51.5568591905219,51.5570085840267,51.558010589092,51.5582562916355,51.5585847551629,51.5598029957931,51.5599801924023,51.5600654358354,51.5601494378588,51.5602177285266,51.560350997054,51.5604296376269,51.5605280487903,51.560710035649,51.5610519238764,51.5611699000452,51.5612391428083,51.5613970105983,51.5614650120493,51.5619107036557,51.5621086533064,51.5622060363927,51.5622776552594,51.5625476729959,51.5628425486671,51.5630642366381,51.5632528035489,51.5633478028651,51.563525707617,51.5636329454979,51.5638532549713,51.5642467931303,51.5643050919653,51.5643715473072,51.564462426477,51.5645525212232,51.5645877290024,51.5651606337104,51.5653263910674,51.565416851255,51.5656712563693,51.5656956116313,51.5661108694858,51.5672800585809,51.5676894593661,51.5683170133174,51.5686820038445,51.5689225442649,51.5690137056909,51.5691202668882,51.5691478618736,51.5692609232394,51.5693509973269,51.5693971336318,51.5694769313746,51.5700001277107,51.570210576721,51.5703363016958,51.5704602451864,51.5705564278752,51.5705660157345,51.5706006352262,51.5707123295643,51.5709412624733,51.5710523369625,51.5711827976025,51.5712553311935,51.5713275383413,51.5715283209575,51.571631115184,51.571740525257,51.5718843176455,51.5719138178432,51.5724407167043,51.5728659553809,51.5728834467949,51.573016513613,51.573070119479,51.5731293732635,51.5731661337678,51.5732490381838,51.5733751526755,51.5734360873522,51.5734899212223,51.5735637152153,51.5736047178435,51.5736289442885,51.5737001923865,51.5738073961097,51.5738472507827,51.573932689941,51.5741536068569,51.5741161929881,51.5741286413356,51.5741247021671,51.5741040122724,51.5740462021377,51.5740224922271,51.5740422436722,51.5740422206343,51.5740740658062,51.574097453616,51.5741298507731,51.5741544827469,51.574270662266,51.5743611035213,51.5743576469276,51.574348821122,51.5743423915041,51.5744045124962,51.574516174427,51.5746123521376,51.5746290806618,51.5746624915791,51.5746697248621,51.5746804372026,51.5746841445894,51.5749688393202,51.5749089052562,51.5750597486988,51.5750648405214,51.5750258984253,51.5754570001751,51.5755056068829,51.5755078841922,51.5755083206212,51.5752577970858,51.5749936318221,51.5749787477194,51.5748976323784,51.5747335577778,51.5747301018916,51.5744256959728,51.5743847074052,51.5743694515472,51.57436361156,51.574259032965,51.5741882205993,51.5741479059493,51.5740405429611,51.5738258396782,51.5733720248838,51.5728237432077,51.5725727012314,51.5721902408005,51.5721789939685,51.5720330855769,51.5718917852053,51.5716224591066,51.5716180353383,51.5715562047519,51.5714325571154,51.5714100630068,51.5713191836889,51.5708303188812,51.5706721567275,51.5706476105059,51.5706333895101,51.5706117756148,51.570574861529,51.5690531735006,51.5686059294094,51.5685882746791,51.5684201165102,51.5677920571941,51.5676513037581,51.5675062424866,51.567375311227,51.5672373299386,51.5671583494694,51.566789165959,51.5667223324556,51.566550712916,51.566331262108,51.5661230510576,51.5660366243478,51.5658272431235,51.5655388468722,51.5646351606688,51.5647648199245,51.5648327013976,51.5647804537804,51.5647712809899,51.5647057694411,51.5643218961093,51.5632883981157,51.5632349708289,51.5631020554571,51.5627932069246,51.5627295675296,51.5626804929847,51.5625805817281,51.5625177706324,51.5624937758785,51.5624166797295,51.5614851110883,51.560837587887,51.5612268884868,51.561174791702,51.5609645037007,51.5608701769909,51.5607966644605,51.5605523682366,51.5605144316368,51.5604889605027,51.5604791790128,51.5604660990289,51.5604382972491,51.5602964076579,51.5602765595341,51.5602222340008,51.5601601727799,51.5600624867305,51.5599664337927,51.5595602163671,51.5592619683654,51.5589976264565,51.5587745675745,51.5583169783591,51.5579183398909,51.5578228801117,51.5577937951991,51.557726031422,51.5576717776451,51.5566926589085,51.5558024277647,51.5553606732959,51.5549330388853,51.5544232459007,51.5541500364071,51.5541458693395,51.5541386845616,51.554073057624,51.5540297488297,51.5539776413106,51.5539109911784,51.553740893376,51.5538132629523,51.5539478274411,51.5529449038628,51.5528957959017,51.5528230648472,51.5527434379591,51.552667374887,51.552624473652,51.5525731604913,51.5525337067124,51.5525054074291,51.5524276462525,51.5522046595902,51.5521619864633,51.552139671258,51.552123599371,51.5521135355357,51.5520463198883,51.5520416428652,51.552045081412,51.5520671793599,51.5521291640443,51.5521390365916,51.5519761772494,51.5519094810005,51.5518691034374,51.5518121443297,51.5517387221728,51.5516935094083,51.5516648495335,51.5515881156974,51.5513342385574,51.5511443726919,51.5510632614157,51.5509426119111,51.5496735993803,51.5494205442454,51.5486773644391,51.5484299124831,51.5481584334948,51.5481183974922,51.5479343211657,51.5473169400257,51.5469747981675,51.5466530885043,51.5464226133087,51.5463528035918,51.5460798026587,51.5462416665468,51.5463491005795,51.5465763148424,51.5466034856726,51.5452242173001,51.5450646602918,51.5439295594757,51.5423818982071,51.5403762188508,51.5397812820491,51.5387340321024,51.5377319712475,51.5375512689248,51.5374019664417,51.5372552477707,51.537268376108,51.5372206259212,51.5371377753176,51.5370256270764,51.5367792506504,51.536547585459,51.53629278846,51.5360077103129,51.5359928792584,51.535757957992,51.5355028653933,51.5352419880216,51.5351366516099,51.5349443100261,51.5346684622614,51.5343342208819,51.5341255396415,51.5340380779415,51.5338546259029,51.5338917185068,51.5337046460427,51.5336335361832,51.5332832272609,51.5332326393672,51.5331103529358,51.5329823720159,51.5318610637422,51.5313092723211,51.5307861896399,51.5304644903141,51.530052004149,51.529925632397,51.5298599611593,51.529791804561,51.5296666962288,51.5291934696191,51.5277043438624,51.5275469861968,51.5274427772794,51.5273905049749,51.5273534794401,51.527315860425,51.5272392241761,51.5270691186054,51.5268171190178,51.5262323056062,51.5261076590166,51.525957840142,51.5259194984586,51.5258495749412,51.5257890602112,51.5258644624482,51.525901464336,51.5262034329531,51.5258769777458,51.5254157783055,51.5252054252957,51.5248487393819,51.5245929224982,51.5245116400303,51.5244270805152,51.5239248582661,51.5238977876547,51.5239009112833,51.5236011610023,51.5234009995934,51.5224899387321,51.522071332427,51.5216066505714,51.5209930762788,51.5206297048976,51.5203345123723,51.5201284731734,51.5198310544866,51.5194269974537,51.5192890949706,51.518808764519,51.518844152895,51.5191998150475,51.519410809285,51.5197806443484,51.5199098209209,51.5199701183022,51.5206891393914,51.5207150358184,51.5207998576839,51.5208789881829,51.5209392988001,51.5209807830762,51.5210144287875,51.5210275470443,51.5214857835618,51.5213330803424,51.5215246613205,51.521495190004,51.5215854759294,51.5215393423545,51.5214831222118,51.5217449697375,51.5223131568962,51.5231372459448,51.5229090428104,51.5229544895509,51.5228215487472,51.5231765531979,51.5231658525744,51.5231633670124,51.5231924041963,51.5233212742045,51.5228773982187,51.522842595561,51.5228106056333,51.5226864506823,51.5225744452901,51.5224817319659,51.5222314624589,51.5218543901384,51.5217274472598,51.5216279311123,51.5215930240774,51.5216029577579,51.5213034404761,51.5210318746649,51.5207223787253,51.5205866682893,51.5204968528314,51.5203683003851,51.5202833369209,51.5201414418269,51.5201348351407,51.5201283458573,51.5201088545809,51.5199871945798,51.5199088334474,51.5197497058261,51.5196655547009,51.5195753921985,51.519206784417,51.5187481216769,51.5185444497641,51.5185409947628,51.5191367571904,51.520284287967,51.520684213452,51.5209200957278,51.5212657379967,51.5214938576327,51.5216895558655,51.5221892630408,51.5220898917006,51.5220954694765,51.5221466536113,51.522460273561,51.5226921011927,51.5229850208986,51.5230195877409,51.5229274493943,51.5229430817505,51.5230149017886,51.5230708408838,51.5230993229712,51.5231408202658,51.5232712657728,51.5233969132327,51.5235607938452,51.5236494002499,51.5236996950945,51.5237938205528,51.5242368042073,51.5244312862712,51.5245345950832,51.5246103186499,51.5249049114155,51.5252807765616,51.5254586963913,51.5255169977782,51.5258791595275,51.5262360428225,51.526408767201,51.5265227338091,51.5265869006973,51.5266331356934,51.5266782354254,51.5270711888052,51.5272022713081,51.5275958597057,51.5277220268451,51.5277811801263,51.5278683537273,51.5279571394574,51.5283186151765,51.52872492707,51.5294542264672,51.5295436330511,51.529626012383,51.5296904880243,51.5297688368811,51.5298428544092,51.5298731116716,51.530094835017,51.5302820441078,51.5304071446188,51.530557688801,51.530746101477,51.5309374346623,51.5308480222188,51.5307894177393,51.5307255519734,51.5308298194279,51.5311078508197,51.5327366111148,51.5340424527963,51.5345663934299,51.5345861869671,51.5355186717107,51.535821565486,51.5360681436518,51.536309329862,51.5368847252629,51.5373614535799,51.5376191161383,51.5379186472698,51.5384979859461,51.5386425786226,51.5388913010742,51.5392378163323,51.5395144425504,51.539813350123,51.5405939135914,51.5408570582246,51.541115479486,51.541192026665,51.5414591801917,51.5417584312932,51.5421107028708,51.5424793133102,51.542736973574,51.5429170958996,51.5430462947317,51.5431861170814,51.5435543582396,51.5441927024285,51.5450610789365,51.5451884112365,51.5456146724942,51.5461043690544,51.5469956712978,51.5474538900475,51.5475275327187,51.5476090102002,51.547662560238,51.5477418248877,51.5480368292475,51.5481039035044,51.548171761347,51.5483060935326,51.5484262980332,51.5488381501721,51.5489691843432,51.5489692303079,51.5493195704017,51.5494844767331,51.5496179553924,51.5498924287712,51.5506572827032,51.5508702620593,51.55121730244,51.5512842166239,51.5513577199584,51.5514187109342,51.5515111518746,51.5516504084898,51.5517133081798,51.5519665390888,51.5521209264907,51.5528351685492,51.5533597421406,51.5536201839984,51.5538599193503,51.5539475659327,51.5541380674215,51.5544317951609,51.5544965624727,51.5545487255852,51.5545873171035,51.5546371736627,51.5547032008725,51.5548576364988,51.5550457161254,51.5552897334175,51.5553966104915,51.5554754289197,51.5555968048078,51.5556841062357,51.5568591905219]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.097664742057559,-0.0975583772371069,-0.0973421250217411,-0.0973013695802717,-0.0972257773661489,-0.0971502601693015,-0.0970747429359762,-0.0969993382648534,-0.0969500424138574,-0.0969021887022062,-0.096854410050995,-0.0968080735433473,-0.0967777133009711,-0.0967314518590737,-0.0966867076427997,-0.0966419634266331,-0.0966131204101544,-0.096568451277565,-0.0965237821486064,-0.0961275358061571,-0.0955653692069792,-0.0955394857293372,-0.0954432001290099,-0.0953468394410451,-0.0952504036541027,-0.0951539303258613,-0.0951236828893458,-0.0950948775979129,-0.0950661098791543,-0.0950373045921154,-0.0950084993069915,-0.0949796940237803,-0.0949508887424839,-0.0949220458895106,-0.0948931654631565,-0.0947104267216594,-0.0945759458009506,-0.0943027082711573,-0.093826566816763,-0.0937243002888384,-0.093583095488787,-0.093541009834309,-0.0932464851876812,-0.0931508140840239,-0.0930653132455323,-0.0930465652329062,-0.0929642495738699,-0.0928834512949494,-0.0928012860963371,-0.0927191585249127,-0.092680408448942,-0.0925122783682081,-0.0923425933922756,-0.0921742377978003,-0.0921555274454161,-0.0921152600688163,-0.0920749926985023,-0.0920332455514954,-0.0919929405612575,-0.0919525979430861,-0.0919107379094356,-0.0918861836963461,-0.0918442860275638,-0.0918009085697635,-0.0917589356239046,-0.0916317627993938,-0.0915883100459846,-0.0915462617970907,-0.0914883122245499,-0.0913897565135133,-0.091264564381111,-0.0909974123608049,-0.0906605951874119,-0.0903518553473425,-0.0902961115656023,-0.0901886758791384,-0.0901479563091015,-0.090092739756748,-0.0899810904575697,-0.0898364597114429,-0.0895436628939381,-0.0894213428222456,-0.0893536365463699,-0.0892875231855012,-0.0892198923082317,-0.089153703607811,-0.0890172636034908,-0.0889856114393208,-0.0888388879554837,-0.0886388423220118,-0.088413186717504,-0.0881023019126017,-0.0879964207420834,-0.0879009363556798,-0.0877912189031705,-0.0877133044444012,-0.0876067353475025,-0.0874211491874527,-0.086872159930911,-0.086865917342945,-0.0869547820135865,-0.0870437517792086,-0.0871739615966876,-0.0871801915046357,-0.0872316617929614,-0.0866637270062244,-0.0860885123044767,-0.0860551157911914,-0.0858532943917567,-0.0856892254405891,-0.0849050022316088,-0.0838213689606061,-0.0836118744029766,-0.0828000219799452,-0.08223495937572,-0.0818473271218904,-0.0808768318773252,-0.080861758894836,-0.0798365082143287,-0.0798407939187874,-0.0793482090671755,-0.0789588537055198,-0.0784683546301846,-0.0780684871800226,-0.0780240828095572,-0.0780293191701767,-0.0780310646225613,-0.0775683495771634,-0.0775457702288951,-0.0775214427692701,-0.0770520490998348,-0.0770934151974016,-0.077056184159772,-0.0762467061732945,-0.0759733782071929,-0.0758986506888704,-0.075784300656244,-0.0757530280066513,-0.0754302830183486,-0.0753749110323778,-0.0753237897163608,-0.0752051892267895,-0.0751755453202607,-0.074434372870528,-0.074435587177725,-0.0744485647737354,-0.0743935716030175,-0.0743747493696972,-0.0742357674412373,-0.073999664901789,-0.0737621199729847,-0.0737620424171756,-0.0736406323751799,-0.0736287562137896,-0.0736240513530326,-0.0735445409885974,-0.073545604928284,-0.0730431894333162,-0.0727684133475517,-0.0725133005172486,-0.0723782265787384,-0.0723667270967133,-0.0723216010321876,-0.071920742975783,-0.0718931512198288,-0.0718578630934837,-0.0718526267826345,-0.0709340193611116,-0.070487686078116,-0.0699763801620249,-0.0697305554175827,-0.0694893233320931,-0.069330905379059,-0.0687492652594784,-0.0683315877316726,-0.0679945583384081,-0.0674301493252381,-0.0673722324564335,-0.0672346512583752,-0.0670894014626017,-0.0667377949638913,-0.0667829445089865,-0.0661287985954596,-0.0654722915655292,-0.0646213392911983,-0.0642332694378973,-0.0637659982300895,-0.0627159849145162,-0.0611841808668271,-0.0609947194151374,-0.0606904487697277,-0.060333880727025,-0.0600835109105559,-0.0600045567533071,-0.0597416525888876,-0.0596860832573559,-0.0593728231939065,-0.0590794032364498,-0.0588647938289094,-0.0587480718888053,-0.0587427628940713,-0.0585938440197456,-0.0585329964623619,-0.0584964222721699,-0.0584502126920271,-0.0584308790036937,-0.0582258382720557,-0.0575903167559816,-0.0571061274379445,-0.0567706898719246,-0.0566216276578108,-0.0563992207671516,-0.0561721537716918,-0.0560103324012,-0.0558696049221785,-0.0557805451737945,-0.0555760861243201,-0.0552903376056226,-0.0549803205887061,-0.0547916247060671,-0.0546792404987993,-0.0545561260948454,-0.0544390869547427,-0.054291935651201,-0.0541759878800241,-0.0535346995995235,-0.0533842934752595,-0.0532939446056047,-0.0531592411631898,-0.0528249484630776,-0.0519344852142432,-0.0511755245052704,-0.0508527242430557,-0.0507879720276494,-0.0506885943005065,-0.0504468699021447,-0.0498519804451365,-0.0491502301176432,-0.0490538950777029,-0.048959579272128,-0.0485676499830015,-0.0484336950627285,-0.0483063728035603,-0.0482391264797872,-0.0476665742850638,-0.0475475594961698,-0.0474835448032629,-0.046836839490547,-0.0468004906657559,-0.0467703497193057,-0.0467273095534931,-0.0467014387531334,-0.0466866957124104,-0.0466733944944407,-0.046662976901936,-0.0466525593210511,-0.0466436220679119,-0.0466386251068055,-0.0466311296722232,-0.0466250760473706,-0.046620464229663,-0.0466173327294239,-0.0466156045182718,-0.0466153181065189,-0.0466179538013116,-0.0466196266746649,-0.0466233575465894,-0.0466284916980454,-0.0466351061523509,-0.0466431238828535,-0.0466511416065635,-0.0466606011166337,-0.0466700606187432,-0.0466809619048736,-0.0466932664622338,-0.0467056095206201,-0.0467179140582042,-0.0467255466237166,-0.0467424075741572,-0.0467621135748287,-0.0467818195561365,-0.0468029287966183,-0.0468240380172644,-0.0468480307899954,-0.0468539904720413,-0.0470282667679211,-0.0472001372765132,-0.0472167667955982,-0.0472319160285983,-0.0472456619767046,-0.0472594464129896,-0.0472717505673282,-0.0472826514392335,-0.0472935523020115,-0.0472998198605072,-0.0473030113856477,-0.0473110671897856,-0.0473159699648282,-0.0473225839888092,-0.0473291595094017,-0.0473328899873738,-0.0473381007256503,-0.0473403509329432,-0.0473412363670802,-0.047342083303092,-0.0473414884741278,-0.0473394518820682,-0.0473373767944662,-0.0473324566811748,-0.0473312843992359,-0.0473248070380105,-0.0473183681788808,-0.0473118908272037,-0.0473025299608124,-0.0472945723627423,-0.0472837697508493,-0.0472729286488442,-0.0472606457969088,-0.0472483629536846,-0.0472345998638096,-0.0472193950271591,-0.047204151701392,-0.0471874666302508,-0.0471861018746264,-0.0471679365606319,-0.0471512130117281,-0.0471329707177546,-0.0471132866800337,-0.0470921608997549,-0.0470724383813333,-0.0470512741203489,-0.0470286681179138,-0.0470060236234688,-0.0469833791392853,-0.0469606961613639,-0.0469380131928375,-0.0469138884835107,-0.0469039502525758,-0.0468713290817674,-0.0468357859251563,-0.0468016460296411,-0.0467660258951728,-0.0467289640292312,-0.0466933054192142,-0.0466561665671556,-0.046617547471816,-0.0465803316256118,-0.0465689131850458,-0.0460642304982795,-0.0457263676994381,-0.0457055121402847,-0.0453547944268143,-0.0451040085479064,-0.0447404700067879,-0.0444744604793765,-0.0443643111950713,-0.0441454927482939,-0.0437350642298272,-0.0433736497021588,-0.0427934681343253,-0.0427121007740713,-0.0425391585252577,-0.0423896836466128,-0.0421928390425222,-0.0418884584150044,-0.0417141017758471,-0.0410791559576641,-0.0407414455589291,-0.0406104546106312,-0.0404768504843072,-0.0403145663311149,-0.0401915949450421,-0.040076566268276,-0.0399105897409193,-0.0397253184948148,-0.0393751824108842,-0.0392337830902709,-0.0391090663194092,-0.0389829969390851,-0.0388378489983079,-0.0387265286795637,-0.0384857645585843,-0.0383671970268649,-0.0381382866496569,-0.0379496276853228,-0.0376833590194272,-0.0372411157375087,-0.037086630699151,-0.0369644822409278,-0.0368150185738045,-0.0366919313315113,-0.0366081185882798,-0.0364165646486249,-0.0360147443544662,-0.0352633780317757,-0.0350270382977146,-0.0349079500067852,-0.034728457503097,-0.0342669129936788,-0.033877975750723,-0.0336710636983176,-0.0335164088187715,-0.0333080242865287,-0.0328748612586953,-0.0325697815128326,-0.0321780125952556,-0.0316909477708852,-0.0311977304290622,-0.0311462620066049,-0.0310934294687102,-0.0310391940040109,-0.0309835556140547,-0.0309279559967943,-0.030872395155587,-0.0308388091117712,-0.030781845329607,-0.030723517454463,-0.0306652283668474,-0.0306055363717054,-0.0305458831704592,-0.0304862687666864,-0.03042525146454,-0.0303643117960313,-0.0303019692379524,-0.0302917996776514,-0.0302309376296461,-0.0301701143993394,-0.0301179801913988,-0.0301092911557971,-0.0300485455705359,-0.0297934423385479,-0.029756113509381,-0.0297202652291613,-0.0295894201875132,-0.0293765537874032,-0.0291705033614774,-0.0285520711531717,-0.0281277699460439,-0.0278911686206558,-0.0275318672773367,-0.02685273801006,-0.0265063770372068,-0.0263719482294242,-0.0262007370925504,-0.0258909297214364,-0.0255344810738956,-0.0251389926143283,-0.0249496659260556,-0.0247592104211056,-0.0246563463135029,-0.0245454559574192,-0.0244471894043707,-0.0243776004886119,-0.0242782431584421,-0.0242041726703103,-0.0240716182769625,-0.0239825477445652,-0.023968713323319,-0.0239198557898686,-0.0235535414828386,-0.0230942274250868,-0.0230339934410689,-0.0225573070011304,-0.0219339010813984,-0.020774925928154,-0.0191599341745464,-0.0188275454503905,-0.0184711612626579,-0.0180756541085653,-0.0179505049237363,-0.0177996872625498,-0.0176758680230889,-0.0175042998171077,-0.0173071098588016,-0.0171894720092721,-0.0171700092930507,-0.0171678689757021,-0.0180824071082889,-0.0189957351694609,-0.0189724450396035,-0.0188880378063371,-0.0188443408120642,-0.0188555754077637,-0.0189030391752442,-0.0189220627131491,-0.0189487644784744,-0.0189419636874805,-0.0188754854981085,-0.0187245580609752,-0.0183413480189121,-0.0181922798813338,-0.0179309621739037,-0.0176212216514895,-0.0175086014892385,-0.0174588340421846,-0.0173424166842159,-0.0172256801852221,-0.0170516791154886,-0.0169853409184411,-0.0169078044855739,-0.0168851722870818,-0.0168756145434111,-0.016838240304358,-0.0168426946325872,-0.0167484786291705,-0.0166208690160278,-0.0165272559830553,-0.0165334835283397,-0.0165721971542413,-0.0165715766344541,-0.016764955636411,-0.0168233082684128,-0.017050531994022,-0.017421052321568,-0.017784367644796,-0.0185558279202014,-0.0192281714248171,-0.0198933904696857,-0.0203520987952522,-0.0214567867704041,-0.0222974332767819,-0.0223550404213382,-0.0223716720543015,-0.0225534876997365,-0.0227529863936484,-0.0230098573863434,-0.0230835885046009,-0.0230707351730638,-0.0238635092354698,-0.0253485639507192,-0.0255056093101388,-0.0255429655440688,-0.0256127249975469,-0.0256595743246659,-0.025707673987125,-0.0257628235796505,-0.0258581688584779,-0.026506655205091,-0.0270511094318777,-0.0273778430845133,-0.0278432677146857,-0.0283869753496574,-0.0287174837199035,-0.0290069802767257,-0.0290162525281695,-0.0291557254777019,-0.0293862278867555,-0.029474780687862,-0.0296521695060485,-0.0299258041100434,-0.03051672718009,-0.0309507582246979,-0.0310650464113901,-0.0315140268142501,-0.0319949180916163,-0.0329204108913928,-0.0330625518686994,-0.033173173623215,-0.0332630690185987,-0.0333877000219078,-0.0334264491677781,-0.0336534107791605,-0.0337793886970375,-0.0338843762752997,-0.034070013467758,-0.0345371960603436,-0.035149757809608,-0.0358728340855019,-0.0367850118587683,-0.0377626801075587,-0.0371567292037753,-0.0371701629058197,-0.0372655623874342,-0.0373788554250846,-0.0374683741169156,-0.0375339075797831,-0.0375511791170602,-0.0379497598011524,-0.0386563049285759,-0.0391113523538649,-0.0401554967971121,-0.0407348502977221,-0.0411027059877436,-0.0414372349043811,-0.0423914104948979,-0.0434697798898746,-0.0435767401109554,-0.0437294548965901,-0.0438324542088806,-0.0439705596257117,-0.0442999280535345,-0.0446431011588687,-0.0447066392046949,-0.0447889859527289,-0.0448607071109111,-0.0449262794998573,-0.0459826314088135,-0.0469232768274565,-0.0471595070813359,-0.0473277844441899,-0.0475748114002997,-0.0478536335937185,-0.0479917678687259,-0.0480793168513998,-0.0481866540740136,-0.048310705619068,-0.048428494029586,-0.0485146980363245,-0.0485864546856649,-0.0489018203146133,-0.0492995519451368,-0.049551426021299,-0.0496255474222156,-0.0499183254603088,-0.0502490678087521,-0.0503581561185097,-0.0504990985725379,-0.0506547191699535,-0.0508092059977941,-0.0509568720366007,-0.0514285906284435,-0.0516039582684983,-0.0517651464712763,-0.0518797258544417,-0.052142195514783,-0.0523945939803683,-0.0525817059608839,-0.0527108733675247,-0.0528099014630887,-0.0528360675901365,-0.0530158934595942,-0.0534668430424416,-0.0538568103390698,-0.0541411105407796,-0.0543899635569778,-0.0547036337113635,-0.0548638176750106,-0.0550387402816159,-0.0552257261997168,-0.0552402883294353,-0.0552474927873734,-0.055425196554523,-0.0556483334691501,-0.0562119437475241,-0.0568150795307674,-0.0572999686772776,-0.0575659949088571,-0.0581126701116175,-0.0587538152191519,-0.0590633451541702,-0.0593558022445841,-0.059684728326365,-0.0599097214448177,-0.0601992374010285,-0.0603712522872703,-0.0604604609815163,-0.0606551380365017,-0.0606831916439668,-0.0609386125695339,-0.0613410913741274,-0.0617015421562737,-0.0620951667226883,-0.0624704334773673,-0.0626641805958108,-0.0627966832079861,-0.0628503284679396,-0.0628380602001606,-0.062754138948088,-0.0627166360343566,-0.0625711523781979,-0.06245756146081,-0.0623141808912635,-0.0622380443817036,-0.0626747132097853,-0.0632631349891491,-0.0649807318040677,-0.0651103490333893,-0.0651402946467993,-0.065364176403,-0.0656236596175847,-0.0658962503080176,-0.0661789719332997,-0.0663132818583332,-0.0673088773025682,-0.0679957197980599,-0.0692959553480491,-0.0699146563933718,-0.0705313117840919,-0.0712324811621416,-0.0716333227280287,-0.0719265233782881,-0.0722654485239092,-0.072787924579839,-0.0729224106256887,-0.0731491444664572,-0.0737730001640364,-0.0740450776114171,-0.0741706135214572,-0.0743736086375631,-0.0746496634404512,-0.0749322357210175,-0.0753184175354619,-0.0754784840453982,-0.075635327443339,-0.0756803672168023,-0.076039205975887,-0.0763495131690883,-0.0768885364894057,-0.0772533170276193,-0.0763153638733536,-0.0763572079411812,-0.0765396617851449,-0.0766356481458915,-0.076640457636826,-0.0766425373187151,-0.0766292608494441,-0.0766013463939545,-0.0765605363683075,-0.0764430828692708,-0.0759154570792695,-0.075776504773504,-0.0757186477875529,-0.0757272882234803,-0.0757704956607028,-0.0758152617524103,-0.0758384217773724,-0.07586313589412,-0.0760145685720931,-0.0760795370328528,-0.0761634208893119,-0.0761871114605987,-0.0764539010805481,-0.0767179388606556,-0.0771314330910912,-0.0779228606541731,-0.0782365019386912,-0.0784528135681574,-0.0784714989901411,-0.0797692775155339,-0.0807590358040503,-0.0810504038961764,-0.0812842164179335,-0.081549389894373,-0.0817623087712737,-0.0817950562407943,-0.0820172740361689,-0.082325791973831,-0.0827339612652505,-0.0833255139948035,-0.0852179066789452,-0.0850671459460576,-0.0849063156702261,-0.0847032725466779,-0.0845237696046524,-0.084441335924436,-0.0843382333919926,-0.084315417477097,-0.0842235517992884,-0.0845278500755477,-0.0851393733799046,-0.0851110961993634,-0.0854434344307641,-0.0854097519419759,-0.0852707205278882,-0.0850308690361957,-0.084751022915619,-0.084908988032221,-0.0850207111969484,-0.086299117776423,-0.0864563633676289,-0.0867954197623538,-0.0870321906503501,-0.0872945169049234,-0.0874399548462025,-0.0878041730634457,-0.0878378746317354,-0.0881319758358304,-0.0883102755669578,-0.0884847989329962,-0.0885522303837174,-0.0885982295735787,-0.0886629952752175,-0.0887804640592242,-0.0890500164416511,-0.08960135390934,-0.0954053613566806,-0.0951419587339395,-0.0950934845348046,-0.095081989103873,-0.095083573033645,-0.0951128997659889,-0.095317711951786,-0.0955248748931577,-0.0958952090292385,-0.0962614701673013,-0.0970336505939184,-0.0965525061912998,-0.096163874635718,-0.0960118120268072,-0.0950455693398057,-0.0950498098630195,-0.0945532076601539,-0.0944841053445598,-0.0939862085002684,-0.093779251004127,-0.0932846196313856,-0.092548265387384,-0.091981602552744,-0.0915885706465277,-0.0913750880818496,-0.0907729893686098,-0.0902576412880254,-0.0897186190758981,-0.0896906013930412,-0.0891393789587155,-0.0886615156570533,-0.0881990358379903,-0.0877013274876202,-0.0874096750171737,-0.0870860841540877,-0.0868158750953402,-0.0866174334372028,-0.0865709047733542,-0.0864622622088026,-0.0864042133788767,-0.0860362846549191,-0.0856823054146681,-0.0854943852125483,-0.0846891372133748,-0.0840862143821458,-0.0836606713593608,-0.0836294495595803,-0.0838383143867261,-0.0831659168394279,-0.0797198087747298,-0.0783210150052257,-0.0768394296666316,-0.076377932100921,-0.0763576805061269,-0.0763739202824152,-0.0764151577062647,-0.0764411109456302,-0.076635744461442,-0.0767289433574269,-0.0767575436331477,-0.0769162893764613,-0.0770904734434622,-0.0777182942282319,-0.0779052314044019,-0.0786840103983635,-0.0788029742546003,-0.0788687927358819,-0.079041095999017,-0.0793333106216917,-0.0794613396290114,-0.0795091751693119,-0.0795793925380997,-0.0797248710484784,-0.0799633591819839,-0.0802876498239067,-0.0811214566995024,-0.0832176868612835,-0.0837143024843843,-0.0843789881007326,-0.0845126210063509,-0.0846324880280443,-0.0846986438457913,-0.0851804813396128,-0.0853012239500309,-0.0854044050223605,-0.0855044391444076,-0.085639679794982,-0.0860789207883859,-0.0862703882640759,-0.0863514205316179,-0.0865098774690641,-0.0867890035725979,-0.0869934752749689,-0.087356669542959,-0.0875523896214625,-0.0876560816778331,-0.0877448976084251,-0.0885885307597679,-0.0890500005637066,-0.0892997000337032,-0.089529141824452,-0.0896460767276933,-0.0897535237212139,-0.0898728795983009,-0.0900374609696838,-0.0902578634536242,-0.0904033820548894,-0.0903933820061461,-0.0903330820417211,-0.0903079578840019,-0.0902663735579687,-0.0903199662962509,-0.0904203289974384,-0.0903834336182492,-0.0902925952343952,-0.0903115735945013,-0.0903753782512794,-0.0905577639766322,-0.0907708648771016,-0.0908841490569881,-0.0910476415833458,-0.0912501112121983,-0.0915115414098301,-0.0915565716077115,-0.0915914347458792,-0.0917028097383454,-0.0921679703429673,-0.0922825557013479,-0.0927685800513219,-0.0929852654248271,-0.0931261034378695,-0.0933406575294207,-0.0936353471379203,-0.0937563908299642,-0.0942915215266815,-0.0944990851080576,-0.0948255252344271,-0.0957588374850519,-0.0960322224603798,-0.0985876643478763,-0.099479677742761,-0.100864846652823,-0.100961185506978,-0.100999140596893,-0.101101846080516,-0.101329970493532,-0.101417378415665,-0.101515722107294,-0.101929923375745,-0.10208598116461,-0.10216455294488,-0.103793755081595,-0.1045107463265,-0.104391151801867,-0.104307208440957,-0.103095555338208,-0.10138056401568,-0.100700387141474,-0.0990420541413356,-0.0987408388348103,-0.0963531831841775,-0.0960553877412082,-0.096115593693588,-0.0962177251406877,-0.0963676261597201,-0.096442509788194,-0.0966045372874013,-0.0966922882156991,-0.096762155802613,-0.0968648796116913,-0.0969122534165248,-0.0974537510923706,-0.0977989952576554,-0.097664742057559],"lat":[51.5736522020517,51.5736765558378,51.5737404932113,51.5737488248573,51.5737619870906,51.5737733519972,51.5737847168548,51.5737933857472,51.5737988810277,51.5738043996762,51.5738081210278,51.5738118657499,51.5738131718331,51.5738151192476,51.5738152927583,51.573815466252,51.5738149984075,51.5738133745961,51.5738117507678,51.5737279872001,51.573643328101,51.5736411095282,51.5736314535763,51.5736235948215,51.5736175332636,51.5736123702643,51.5736109800071,51.5736096131532,51.5736073476544,51.5736059807863,51.5736046139112,51.573603247029,51.5736018801397,51.5736014118811,51.5736018422529,51.5735889835872,51.5736299638656,51.5737451266908,51.5739154441411,51.5739452565248,51.5739744362229,51.5739800472128,51.5740175264427,51.5740276620478,51.5740361643542,51.5740358596838,51.5740372196961,51.5740368058157,51.5740345711675,51.5740314378254,51.5740263117484,51.5740091908736,51.5739947422229,51.5739830126834,51.5739818092348,51.5739784567972,51.5739751043459,51.5739726270682,51.5739701732248,51.5739686180037,51.5739688365906,51.5739693365702,51.5739704537693,51.5739724461379,51.5739753605784,51.5739795871766,51.5739833767381,51.573988088374,51.5739934406219,51.5740035278766,51.5740293682459,51.5741023577564,51.5742191755503,51.5743202628485,51.5743418368729,51.5743571740967,51.5743646046027,51.5743735976385,51.5743861683475,51.5743937058353,51.5743898385074,51.5743815522478,51.5743786513545,51.5743721793664,51.574367481127,51.5743628063329,51.5743470957345,51.5743447817715,51.5743333997343,51.5743202497421,51.5743327604163,51.5743816504783,51.5743943132812,51.5743999514151,51.5744008612931,51.5744004908479,51.574395157121,51.5743813414514,51.5742923591708,51.5743722905119,51.5744555709008,51.5745019837458,51.5744942146241,51.5745176966368,51.5747010830662,51.5747538722745,51.574842509945,51.5748473607302,51.5748764417148,51.575037428525,51.5751199528283,51.5751840943634,51.57518966574,51.575311291732,51.5753641064901,51.5754530911945,51.575640453537,51.5755871513314,51.5755326108108,51.5754994087194,51.5754760601205,51.5754346159653,51.5753618390942,51.5752959401004,51.5752880188208,51.5752665225999,51.5752593571928,51.5751780391059,51.5752343219105,51.5752294271052,51.5751354080623,51.5750785339556,51.5750716291044,51.5749315670782,51.575252614198,51.5753476086322,51.5754923112805,51.5754810074736,51.5753660061275,51.5753444152164,51.5753246924974,51.5753308404146,51.5755542673535,51.5756077527133,51.5756131681383,51.575681724078,51.575685317915,51.5756184645585,51.5756287732897,51.575649178092,51.5756695587432,51.5757055274656,51.5757098291884,51.5756493844829,51.5756241282489,51.5756273192028,51.5756021576716,51.5756406694353,51.5756541419365,51.5756121832785,51.5756324457533,51.5756313576012,51.5756405080547,51.5757004668051,51.5757045096963,51.5756176018572,51.5756049263154,51.5756905446928,51.5758019074855,51.5758798269661,51.575925242296,51.5759644379173,51.5759906076006,51.5760934427939,51.5761414222547,51.5761934258252,51.5762641651826,51.5762686068343,51.5762798296089,51.5763017169131,51.5763570737743,51.5766194995323,51.5767301197874,51.5768622795038,51.5770191055285,51.5771511891054,51.5772450953124,51.577466965944,51.5777842818744,51.5774205516958,51.5768382042794,51.5761623686332,51.5756024924169,51.5754231353233,51.5750222185852,51.5749376693367,51.5744316058368,51.5740697498896,51.5737550587581,51.5735139268044,51.573503047951,51.5732047302903,51.5729393434491,51.5727139252792,51.5725791721276,51.5725248970977,51.5723245680102,51.5718976957714,51.571610911439,51.5713553646622,51.5709931949701,51.5707943734366,51.5706710114912,51.5706080807358,51.5705580887875,51.5705485198954,51.5705379379663,51.5705385980039,51.5704992879461,51.5704574920859,51.570419658847,51.5703627632847,51.5702987742994,51.5701965172545,51.5700731953986,51.5690059367056,51.5687435573868,51.5686629241809,51.568573461706,51.5683934595338,51.5679920001268,51.5677213113052,51.5675765651739,51.5675386201091,51.5674668273862,51.5672146172897,51.5668531232882,51.5663927300896,51.5663173895099,51.5662285936115,51.5659127324962,51.565806191066,51.5657132486177,51.565666268076,51.5653231193217,51.5652384075441,51.5651833870411,51.5645170669877,51.5644562118441,51.5644188406521,51.564379456206,51.5643097829122,51.5642834590895,51.5642571592679,51.5642309074508,51.5642046556329,51.5641775292036,51.5641594609193,51.5641323584923,51.5641052800682,51.5640782256473,51.564050296616,51.5640232902017,51.5639963077907,51.563968474773,51.5639631070949,51.5639433856026,51.5639245867271,51.5639049132408,51.5638861623708,51.5638674115001,51.5638486846316,51.5638299577622,51.5638112548946,51.5637934746419,51.5637747957741,51.5637570155186,51.5637472507786,51.5637241508442,51.563701997524,51.5636798442002,51.5636586134877,51.5636373827711,51.5636162000514,51.5636118029845,51.5634168678645,51.5632443738182,51.5632266654934,51.5632098317843,51.5631920754637,51.5631734205272,51.5631556402079,51.563136937278,51.563118234347,51.5631066483432,51.56309950742,51.5630798578834,51.5630664506557,51.5630467771236,51.563028002205,51.5630082806832,51.5629876845413,51.5629688376388,51.5629481695138,51.5629284000028,51.5629086064975,51.562888788998,51.5628698701125,51.5628500046241,51.5628436903308,51.5628264966903,51.5628084044352,51.562791210794,51.5627739691631,51.5627576501404,51.5627403845134,51.5627240174995,51.5627076264895,51.5626912354783,51.5626757190845,51.5626601786936,51.5626455369148,51.5626308711381,51.5626290499139,51.5626152587526,51.5626014915851,51.5625894976467,51.5625774797086,51.5625654377702,51.5625543184396,51.562543175108,51.5625320077748,51.5625217390513,51.5625114703236,51.5625021002056,51.5624927300833,51.5624833359574,51.5624795735057,51.5624664409183,51.5624541589354,51.5624427995565,51.5624323147807,51.5624218059926,51.5624122198088,51.5624035082258,51.562395671242,51.5623887568629,51.5623858689938,51.5623118198639,51.5622504390501,51.5622321065731,51.5619322079432,51.5617580705068,51.5616899642271,51.5617026168291,51.5617142697618,51.5617367007357,51.5617190672366,51.5616015330671,51.5614380836533,51.5614178419474,51.5613798858354,51.5613666009173,51.5613813015684,51.5614139908967,51.5614425548809,51.5616136052817,51.561716776379,51.5617433651088,51.5617636152598,51.5617797892153,51.5617876270523,51.5617785115777,51.5617127910113,51.5616260649571,51.5614142849481,51.5613139031142,51.5612281880132,51.5611739241309,51.5611607069934,51.5611660402651,51.5611620154059,51.5611681264334,51.5611903774725,51.5612159989504,51.5612681990812,51.5614199701389,51.5614560537332,51.5614782900521,51.5614982706899,51.5615088006862,51.5615118944737,51.5615041925682,51.561454302847,51.5612798570808,51.5612066564562,51.5611579006172,51.5610712633731,51.5608674935856,51.5607197933453,51.5606668667276,51.5606399948009,51.5606212146174,51.5606292403775,51.5606780804321,51.560763234577,51.5609169308158,51.5611127868881,51.5611353039077,51.5611559994995,51.5611757722674,51.5611946222095,51.561212573519,51.5612296261961,51.5612389543447,51.5612550841762,51.5612693925709,51.5612828023307,51.5612952892565,51.5613068775462,51.5613175671999,51.5613273340161,51.5613353035899,51.5613423503235,51.5613439781123,51.5613501504059,51.5613554240625,51.5613599443144,51.5613606976874,51.5613641740705,51.5613580920956,51.5613538682287,51.5613487699553,51.5613384793127,51.5613232139144,51.5612837826745,51.5610719592825,51.5609083582725,51.5608081610568,51.5606762251426,51.5603671516706,51.5602030569097,51.5601423439358,51.5600648253814,51.5599229258909,51.5596921133876,51.559396795335,51.5592380367654,51.5590720648092,51.5589822057065,51.5588778232395,51.558748473996,51.5586564771496,51.5584857435083,51.5582974504487,51.5579274214719,51.557619274257,51.5573726444501,51.5573682245271,51.5573323786525,51.5572787779772,51.5572705689571,51.5570521091082,51.5567574344908,51.5562387998864,51.5554921367544,51.5553399450602,51.5551756567622,51.5540862676659,51.5542109490382,51.5539638023786,51.5537261042874,51.5533922776579,51.552387169879,51.5517089382428,51.5515926047565,51.5515754826417,51.5515747492293,51.5516018653048,51.5515403223655,51.5514246910462,51.5513016538026,51.5511426745207,51.5509798107253,51.5508407466776,51.5506577485433,51.5504822780107,51.5502860160042,51.5500415662644,51.5494002162494,51.5489471687812,51.5483888097092,51.5479159607412,51.5476532720936,51.5475373257182,51.5471297917545,51.5467959916201,51.5462202215291,51.5459547175176,51.5455487394571,51.5452731830325,51.5450949677948,51.5449594468443,51.5448570063915,51.5445361759699,51.5443199944191,51.5438858670651,51.543643171839,51.5433830406414,51.5433641456641,51.5433943928919,51.5433459200105,51.5433938248803,51.54342976296,51.5434655781213,51.543567637871,51.5435942796078,51.5435857260583,51.5435835758778,51.5435176819932,51.5434877933666,51.5434231185111,51.5434054136777,51.5434030830188,51.5433920575178,51.543388293384,51.5433841403549,51.5433479533334,51.5433244408274,51.5432334429965,51.5432702582601,51.5433401300378,51.5433610878566,51.5432449725203,51.5431999197586,51.5431585826621,51.5431215190115,51.5428995217669,51.5427486114475,51.5426632807869,51.5425389149372,51.5424050718468,51.5423323905582,51.5422743067073,51.5422933469519,51.5425699644614,51.542875988002,51.543029450388,51.5431295499747,51.5432384597119,51.5433805730714,51.543482281238,51.5435408528285,51.5437974824056,51.5440834218525,51.5446277084138,51.5446759539318,51.5446859019606,51.5446748194543,51.5446274495667,51.5445984235971,51.5444187792136,51.5443066848432,51.5442131229897,51.5440552666964,51.5436557305349,51.5433629416213,51.5430153466091,51.5424622839144,51.5417943052892,51.5414316585383,51.5414210922039,51.5413489491524,51.5413301616686,51.5412606178441,51.5412122549228,51.5411459986919,51.5407641859153,51.5400952620416,51.5396406502162,51.5386985898678,51.5381021670933,51.5377629950051,51.5374610342336,51.537000354159,51.5365012712376,51.536461689261,51.5364984079771,51.5364839389614,51.5364241930422,51.5361410226031,51.5359057420806,51.5358699315665,51.535832636001,51.535807752904,51.5357917598727,51.5356034306508,51.5354905017896,51.5354962332053,51.5355062285625,51.5355292247754,51.5355842236424,51.5355910186339,51.5356005687825,51.535619440704,51.5356520794926,51.53569630431,51.5357373057991,51.5357789661458,51.5359910413549,51.5361990898524,51.536311189033,51.5363313058515,51.5363973228883,51.5364522798469,51.5364639848004,51.5364726220063,51.536475208153,51.5364705811898,51.5364568481158,51.5363846508329,51.5363300112305,51.5362697403268,51.5362203855237,51.5360844598843,51.5359141946541,51.5357194643617,51.5355309659607,51.5351702088631,51.5349287428114,51.5349721942493,51.5350821934946,51.5351345260386,51.5351626230721,51.5351766426287,51.5351584640169,51.5351215529389,51.5351109644898,51.5350879861688,51.5350846305599,51.53508475,51.5350427330658,51.5349834837841,51.5348183684188,51.5346053452161,51.5344263309917,51.5343417099112,51.5342014842621,51.534111379385,51.5340886243575,51.5340943623017,51.5341240834398,51.5341565810411,51.534231511038,51.5342892101198,51.5343275546951,51.5344287923958,51.5344472413325,51.5346798750467,51.5350147561677,51.5352868926876,51.5354570608282,51.5355163158341,51.5353000971393,51.5350999526186,51.5349911291906,51.5346348209058,51.5342341649652,51.5340986570764,51.5337896077035,51.5336123764336,51.5333896901134,51.5332472490644,51.533184319631,51.5330789313429,51.5329004480694,51.5331759602014,51.533217819952,51.5329364481649,51.5324614235818,51.5320171892734,51.5315038785739,51.5312264238283,51.5311403164423,51.5310931793254,51.5310309566319,51.5310267502796,51.5310027233735,51.5309576014951,51.5309228259722,51.5308763880332,51.5308396933708,51.5306900094865,51.5306463568904,51.5305691484946,51.5303401924706,51.5302133686034,51.5301425899539,51.530012832619,51.5297916507703,51.5294159031964,51.5288053506811,51.5285993495571,51.5284355603784,51.5283931349778,51.5281229496151,51.5278753479424,51.5275029018534,51.5272966574217,51.5271463903968,51.5268719042175,51.5265106974581,51.5263881740445,51.5262740473562,51.5261562788792,51.5259923965263,51.5257311544497,51.5253312154003,51.5242870510023,51.5243215614823,51.5238561648567,51.5235872371821,51.5234848636576,51.523178026654,51.5230393762271,51.5229687148675,51.5228953812262,51.5225516513875,51.5223782612154,51.5222006849707,51.5221516144073,51.5220121087994,51.522211577314,51.5221140429224,51.5219417677387,51.5218533842309,51.5215430875368,51.5215101211485,51.5216707593097,51.521889291349,51.5219534094813,51.52143206874,51.5210218490146,51.5207573529203,51.520732709297,51.5205555926966,51.5203142409595,51.5200682225799,51.5198144085483,51.5203345123723,51.5206297048976,51.5209930762788,51.5216066505714,51.522071332427,51.5224899387321,51.5234009995934,51.5236011610023,51.5239009112833,51.5238977876547,51.5239248582661,51.5244270805152,51.5245116400303,51.5245929224982,51.5248487393819,51.5252054252957,51.5254157783055,51.5258769777458,51.5262034329531,51.525901464336,51.5258644624482,51.5257890602112,51.5258495749412,51.5259194984586,51.525957840142,51.5261076590166,51.5262323056062,51.5268171190178,51.5270691186054,51.5272392241761,51.527315860425,51.5273534794401,51.5273905049749,51.5274427772794,51.5275469861968,51.5277043438624,51.5291934696191,51.5296666962288,51.529791804561,51.5298599611593,51.529925632397,51.530052004149,51.5304644903141,51.5307861896399,51.5313092723211,51.5318610637422,51.5329823720159,51.5331103529358,51.5332326393672,51.5332832272609,51.5336335361832,51.5337046460427,51.5338917185068,51.5338546259029,51.5340380779415,51.5341255396415,51.5343342208819,51.5346684622614,51.5349443100261,51.5351366516099,51.5352419880216,51.5355028653933,51.535757957992,51.5359928792584,51.5360077103129,51.53629278846,51.536547585459,51.5367792506504,51.5370256270764,51.5371377753176,51.5372206259212,51.537268376108,51.5372552477707,51.5374019664417,51.5375512689248,51.5377319712475,51.5387340321024,51.5397812820491,51.5403762188508,51.5423818982071,51.5439295594757,51.5450646602918,51.5452242173001,51.5466034856726,51.5465763148424,51.5463491005795,51.5462416665468,51.5460798026587,51.5463528035918,51.5464226133087,51.5466530885043,51.5469747981675,51.5473169400257,51.5479343211657,51.5481183974922,51.5481584334948,51.5484299124831,51.5486773644391,51.5494205442454,51.5496735993803,51.5509426119111,51.5510632614157,51.5511443726919,51.5513342385574,51.5515881156974,51.5516648495335,51.5516935094083,51.5517387221728,51.5518121443297,51.5518691034374,51.5519094810005,51.5519761772494,51.5521390365916,51.5521291640443,51.5520671793599,51.552045081412,51.5520416428652,51.5520463198883,51.5521135355357,51.552123599371,51.552139671258,51.5521619864633,51.5522046595902,51.5524276462525,51.5525054074291,51.5525337067124,51.5525731604913,51.552624473652,51.552667374887,51.5527434379591,51.5528230648472,51.5528957959017,51.5529449038628,51.5539478274411,51.5538132629523,51.553740893376,51.5539109911784,51.5539776413106,51.5540297488297,51.554073057624,51.5541386845616,51.5541458693395,51.5541500364071,51.5544232459007,51.5549330388853,51.5553606732959,51.5558024277647,51.5566926589085,51.5576717776451,51.557726031422,51.5577937951991,51.5578228801117,51.5579183398909,51.5583169783591,51.5587745675745,51.5589976264565,51.5592619683654,51.5595602163671,51.5599664337927,51.5600624867305,51.5601601727799,51.5602222340008,51.5602765595341,51.5602964076579,51.5604382972491,51.5604660990289,51.5604791790128,51.5604889605027,51.5605144316368,51.5605523682366,51.5607966644605,51.5608701769909,51.5609645037007,51.561174791702,51.5612268884868,51.560837587887,51.5614851110883,51.5624166797295,51.5624937758785,51.5625177706324,51.5625805817281,51.5626804929847,51.5627295675296,51.5627932069246,51.5631020554571,51.5632349708289,51.5632883981157,51.5643218961093,51.5647057694411,51.5647712809899,51.5648121894692,51.5655668600477,51.5666613838322,51.5671251789482,51.5683806521707,51.5686140726379,51.5704341067433,51.5706540871652,51.5706982279318,51.5708095932288,51.5709864792511,51.5710938053053,51.5713949839167,51.5715052162587,51.5715944757755,51.5718299462591,51.571939523553,51.5729680510944,51.5736166100399,51.5736522020517]}]]],null,null,{"lineCap":null,"lineJoin":null,"clickable":true,"pointerEvents":null,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"#636363","weight":2,"opacity":0.5,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#FFA500","#FF0000","#A9A9A9","#A9A9A9","#FFFF00","#FFFF00","#A9A9A9","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFFF00","#A0522D"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"dashArray":null,"smoothFactor":1,"noClip":false},["<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Lambeth<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1084","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Southwark<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1251","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Lewisham<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>371","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Greenwich<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>394","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Wandsworth<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>976","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Hammersmith and Fulham<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>910","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Kensington and Chelsea<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>527","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Westminster<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1221","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Camden<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1043","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Tower Hamlets<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1308","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Islington<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>964","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Hackney<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1463"],null,null,null,null]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["darkgrey","yellow","orange","red","sienna"],"labels":[["371 - 527"],["527 - 976"],["976 - 1084"],["1084 - 1308"],["1308 - 1463"]],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.8,"position":"bottomright","type":"unknown","title":"Number of bike thefts","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend"}]}],"limits":{"lat":[51.4109910919072,51.5777842818744],"lng":[-0.259113080888369,0.124160769862762]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
Hackney is the borough with the highest recorded number of bicycle
thefts at 1463, Lewisham is the lowest at 371. This is repeated for
violent crime and for burglaries.

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-425669442a4d0a36e407">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["OpenStreetMap.BlackAndWhite",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-0.128455634947445,-0.128432163388321,-0.128301372654514,-0.128156854308154,-0.12797731179261,-0.127363536973151,-0.12717576338257,-0.126934071360691,-0.126744745580826,-0.126378532706936,-0.125871477636893,-0.125657235544201,-0.125550171273484,-0.1255336372682,-0.125398741957919,-0.125195165768775,-0.125023439786387,-0.124902202125567,-0.124733387560771,-0.124701055725083,-0.124650416489954,-0.124275047094054,-0.124206397783297,-0.124201673693253,-0.124366588080307,-0.124125652094317,-0.12407888998423,-0.124002970980199,-0.123788612190135,-0.123768238482684,-0.123601001161347,-0.123477316281386,-0.123022320593474,-0.122692369352852,-0.122399063697235,-0.122132880100655,-0.121930919718916,-0.121757819790942,-0.121347662750312,-0.121319161122614,-0.121195663971159,-0.121007212872539,-0.120881533371428,-0.120632506801388,-0.120411409539012,-0.120000911599154,-0.119803367688059,-0.119897066540083,-0.119753324891885,-0.119703738975734,-0.119375794170394,-0.119335503196735,-0.119303666830593,-0.119231797813058,-0.119153394301821,-0.119051210234673,-0.118936139309758,-0.118820589630902,-0.118350300596186,-0.118188813670015,-0.11782141713826,-0.117512810994673,-0.117440665261988,-0.117418397908751,-0.116992879752831,-0.117013290058702,-0.116837662754509,-0.116087888653272,-0.115902034512927,-0.115692767931238,-0.115408134799704,-0.114946068097897,-0.114488319095693,-0.113948111681145,-0.113620863574718,-0.113102408981944,-0.112677826373962,-0.111457495390538,-0.111307576802072,-0.11121353396892,-0.111104913908871,-0.110813654614294,-0.110303630729712,-0.110293232526115,-0.109901443323428,-0.109799074858124,-0.10952071732036,-0.109141913845772,-0.108924883868241,-0.108921568267822,-0.10886237549233,-0.108799719202591,-0.108593107544482,-0.108506405348497,-0.108424487434246,-0.108406410812298,-0.108290974950897,-0.108245002506987,-0.108175580065139,-0.107363630164876,-0.106596874979164,-0.106592704003045,-0.106465728355404,-0.106434584829859,-0.106434673905379,-0.106467163087679,-0.106545656312531,-0.106566499178206,-0.106599583456355,-0.106519907059012,-0.106518467116097,-0.106395616843142,-0.10745801285948,-0.106751587115696,-0.10613685599522,-0.106080850925115,-0.106050665746304,-0.106065016598483,-0.106086926292777,-0.106115551072437,-0.105947706082938,-0.105986633675907,-0.106527342844517,-0.106704050046637,-0.106825807325895,-0.107846543368885,-0.108188874403924,-0.10822802224583,-0.108353632044803,-0.109121121078204,-0.109470475554524,-0.10952016608596,-0.109516292974489,-0.11029541411803,-0.110303913665922,-0.110295109091069,-0.111442589512862,-0.110972915771445,-0.110957394970709,-0.11081359340432,-0.11066442329476,-0.110584358238957,-0.1105073955807,-0.109399474041069,-0.107159019799374,-0.105742098371294,-0.105337813426614,-0.104896248847506,-0.104886954160455,-0.104793933162109,-0.104699091394382,-0.104519085271602,-0.104400601497136,-0.10425736181815,-0.104105127695954,-0.103943131118745,-0.103883362891612,-0.103731670897859,-0.10371218810034,-0.103582932172555,-0.103405723630887,-0.103527460263388,-0.10315625592931,-0.103395991081152,-0.103159816116721,-0.103258608574527,-0.103260234612508,-0.10339300874218,-0.103803304252124,-0.10418850124072,-0.104711053563001,-0.105519911267549,-0.108121530597101,-0.108452541587564,-0.108281139575671,-0.108136714556622,-0.107991843755115,-0.107844529680475,-0.106357649718072,-0.106550188188595,-0.106615938990546,-0.106926337015,-0.107222609284364,-0.106823372783598,-0.106328661096587,-0.105663970716248,-0.105635780758837,-0.105904955448762,-0.106043785424585,-0.105634091348254,-0.105421903314004,-0.105326802752964,-0.105280783570095,-0.10515564216261,-0.104898594072733,-0.104623756311086,-0.104640486552907,-0.104621119600515,-0.104046927654568,-0.104086010341361,-0.105006647314523,-0.105557089603563,-0.108085430623045,-0.108178395566074,-0.108214970868019,-0.108237786209294,-0.108245960180632,-0.108219433323344,-0.108068152901533,-0.107854291844197,-0.107203048506367,-0.10555431759098,-0.10362194567469,-0.101511453065508,-0.099997740976233,-0.100111647754198,-0.100169880524097,-0.100337881317932,-0.100591397569127,-0.100682692442977,-0.100654260990389,-0.100619683547777,-0.100573444801043,-0.100368029436796,-0.0997752893702828,-0.0995429098908314,-0.0993751360650362,-0.0992474334474209,-0.0991772221429038,-0.0989171233913251,-0.0971357628188549,-0.0959975000282025,-0.0950698926553567,-0.0947971482659646,-0.0944529229086342,-0.0943231924644651,-0.0942006935322806,-0.0941056830613472,-0.094065184945073,-0.0939992673298241,-0.0937270775084951,-0.0936632491155117,-0.0936237391186136,-0.0934869520590795,-0.0930802884450569,-0.0930310949395317,-0.0930244998512468,-0.0929465616748272,-0.0929288684510765,-0.0928490504994044,-0.0927819718339203,-0.0927401629361927,-0.0927176510412408,-0.0922653723477624,-0.0911462831738996,-0.090136374203225,-0.0900946118561343,-0.0900797108957687,-0.0900711653544129,-0.0900718902215393,-0.0901060546855581,-0.0906671562090707,-0.0909398247524394,-0.0911241995488632,-0.091539165570828,-0.0922118378358392,-0.0923277579504083,-0.0925519020649065,-0.0927585114361575,-0.0928400309874869,-0.0929383112076425,-0.0930942160572327,-0.093650403610643,-0.0941425734491183,-0.0945719628974304,-0.0947296329092198,-0.0948668631366539,-0.0950254124268761,-0.0951226615459069,-0.0951486128456053,-0.0952081568287627,-0.0955036731893316,-0.0956649090738962,-0.0958371617594443,-0.0962014601447046,-0.0965759929453036,-0.0972070722877583,-0.0976021978497242,-0.097848936725316,-0.0985913504025859,-0.0991175250084095,-0.10004487902922,-0.100627648453566,-0.10093841598063,-0.101005807066658,-0.101118639871499,-0.101162717913169,-0.101034847931043,-0.101038816918812,-0.101060647912818,-0.101106088960169,-0.101335188613494,-0.10138748479303,-0.101468839693784,-0.101478955014478,-0.101474537969342,-0.1014571760995,-0.101425356614144,-0.101380517914753,-0.101340314102183,-0.101322660081619,-0.101132041690351,-0.100957917362107,-0.100877831540179,-0.100830922413783,-0.100802263621038,-0.10078923954874,-0.100792576239457,-0.100766310965807,-0.100760984341784,-0.100322240532102,-0.100205144650602,-0.1001476142623,-0.100068808441065,-0.0999931776377308,-0.0999236730201163,-0.0998587817389451,-0.099808683540341,-0.09972346696146,-0.09964555393108,-0.0995648937906818,-0.099427350284342,-0.0994170155869637,-0.0994035088333959,-0.0993447224436567,-0.0993041508536991,-0.0992533625468289,-0.0988920973634439,-0.098451457449247,-0.097958563115656,-0.097429907456029,-0.0961080468773939,-0.0959035206901986,-0.0956977828041644,-0.095251652472972,-0.0951405711764687,-0.0950965917468412,-0.09504008451223,-0.0950250543923147,-0.0950131827949268,-0.095017096373745,-0.0950433085822126,-0.0950375597891429,-0.0950162370568107,-0.0949531018357642,-0.0945074150140546,-0.0941057388709957,-0.0940045637343108,-0.0937990397597614,-0.0936341132154877,-0.0933570520452688,-0.093206695995834,-0.0930026842035505,-0.0928745131757003,-0.0927679966850386,-0.0925404975299914,-0.0922584223039,-0.0920401011941158,-0.0919894908791749,-0.0918980808233454,-0.0918379222241825,-0.0917263598700368,-0.0914889791340815,-0.0911946296091531,-0.0909813439119362,-0.0906654019874723,-0.0905778370374286,-0.0904647872654138,-0.0902254332143741,-0.0900233120684781,-0.0895930476435753,-0.0893087716693844,-0.0888910059982563,-0.0884971370860261,-0.0883196140646263,-0.0882261339818956,-0.0881149531044068,-0.0878738409981819,-0.0876807568947271,-0.0872577249751485,-0.0866133848147125,-0.0861213555364493,-0.0860455025418357,-0.0859971510839545,-0.0859168623493054,-0.0858904875510219,-0.0858687259179832,-0.0858563408143665,-0.0858874372061276,-0.0859453211509348,-0.0860665215240595,-0.0860986896810659,-0.0861005672503296,-0.0860923820133391,-0.0860740588964802,-0.0860401106320127,-0.085991599286027,-0.0859043120813636,-0.0857947484327235,-0.0854381514165939,-0.0852617560662454,-0.0852507817952168,-0.0851727123874748,-0.084955258032014,-0.0846522792419742,-0.0843723902865001,-0.0840788454897497,-0.0838627587636848,-0.0836831665506885,-0.0836317237734448,-0.0836183955943412,-0.0835855386706141,-0.0835369659417258,-0.0835111353768931,-0.0834953204861383,-0.0834766833972043,-0.0834389353396013,-0.0828437769747725,-0.0820318096750869,-0.0817794448168125,-0.0817265621244566,-0.0816945482574275,-0.0811585421920842,-0.0808969591287436,-0.0808519118866049,-0.0803434169897717,-0.0800773684175798,-0.07985629752438,-0.0798288686933545,-0.0796298318661041,-0.0795159189868912,-0.0794651482853821,-0.0789308926627323,-0.0791498725630449,-0.0792617243026313,-0.0792690880220753,-0.0792555060306174,-0.0792228942259612,-0.0791975500004482,-0.0791609333273337,-0.0783067237968765,-0.0783251777099196,-0.0783359550463311,-0.0784042423494057,-0.078445069759069,-0.0784952693731978,-0.0785298723391818,-0.0785598618731803,-0.0785894967354631,-0.0785486445997827,-0.0786747059325303,-0.0791036085662879,-0.0793248690412652,-0.079714667797454,-0.0800921016149498,-0.0802920342861109,-0.0805951500253867,-0.0817429064416849,-0.0823460019433232,-0.0828770290740143,-0.0828871652757861,-0.08333403082541,-0.0838952582914956,-0.0850113927836352,-0.0855390023342146,-0.0858634776856259,-0.0860791812806259,-0.0861853518142108,-0.0864256877898429,-0.0866194683313222,-0.0868266838852326,-0.0869707722655463,-0.0877645474663679,-0.0880109231579662,-0.0881903844331427,-0.0884521347707611,-0.0890476957522391,-0.089367409966179,-0.0895841620288754,-0.0897204354039209,-0.0898148257028126,-0.0899094784705271,-0.0900440021702079,-0.0901972864901477,-0.0908428636510858,-0.0911014421539691,-0.0913948325904475,-0.0917688965447009,-0.0921406961310636,-0.0923077918887945,-0.0927344339409969,-0.0930086314427238,-0.0932064454061299,-0.0934344075584487,-0.0936442451236628,-0.0939189525833113,-0.094101089929529,-0.0943467342977041,-0.0945914646606739,-0.0948395182438721,-0.096186056839888,-0.0969061337633325,-0.0972356501212261,-0.0975128602203416,-0.0978099322460667,-0.0981081429681758,-0.0983887691919363,-0.0988127984673237,-0.100144453835513,-0.100773263613555,-0.104228232419493,-0.10461684949332,-0.105115860798123,-0.105797569041782,-0.105987342138693,-0.106054936793053,-0.106185553873346,-0.106515114513129,-0.107020796152175,-0.107887061591383,-0.108688241856067,-0.109212025319865,-0.109373711327656,-0.109603363937253,-0.109850051863475,-0.109940720234624,-0.11006736105115,-0.110491073122996,-0.110904752155902,-0.111524752597918,-0.112052907389508,-0.112685587274532,-0.112712090229928,-0.112753461548745,-0.113026867288626,-0.113295063982963,-0.113822753528229,-0.113959994177693,-0.1139863536728,-0.114082352918961,-0.114130568866933,-0.11422091797691,-0.114456393427084,-0.114462179902226,-0.114492475674703,-0.114512709840579,-0.114536304609901,-0.114580471321397,-0.114872110404472,-0.114854275239501,-0.115327058368022,-0.115382093072854,-0.115448548071108,-0.115593995642348,-0.115715110187881,-0.115907873400006,-0.116166457416875,-0.1165593400993,-0.116925613497111,-0.117107827643242,-0.117746315730853,-0.117782836813534,-0.117847518559311,-0.118108272496984,-0.118234575721536,-0.118369982236669,-0.118452390539855,-0.11886700734038,-0.119095542682318,-0.119507095318385,-0.119846669759458,-0.120021950576688,-0.120052765641598,-0.120132960667734,-0.12022852331484,-0.120334552709457,-0.120473232186037,-0.12068414144419,-0.120786333369108,-0.120849240293247,-0.120846439536881,-0.120852409603601,-0.120795657396348,-0.120771703578704,-0.12085657424786,-0.120921839203336,-0.120968199161626,-0.121050526563229,-0.121135064743232,-0.121212010969504,-0.121334100018215,-0.1214847848346,-0.121574185327428,-0.121603739486433,-0.121703677571218,-0.121936131330097,-0.12220576489015,-0.122274453288241,-0.122481401069547,-0.122504210656441,-0.122531626304488,-0.122494332177642,-0.122480986764987,-0.122582878602635,-0.122993357363086,-0.123015908816914,-0.123122733020249,-0.123405659797363,-0.123675768415499,-0.12391525674219,-0.124074337571853,-0.124192316842671,-0.124310662835905,-0.124393856913719,-0.124458712119612,-0.124495880228078,-0.124528001079933,-0.124547891912492,-0.124508970919817,-0.124467543652168,-0.124497943846299,-0.124936516733132,-0.124937990621449,-0.125589076176547,-0.125676945612457,-0.125786040177035,-0.126018645265098,-0.126230430141373,-0.126259874516405,-0.126271555097447,-0.126615043153648,-0.127339194090277,-0.127428252325597,-0.127751756082711,-0.127758055147565,-0.127780230341002,-0.127888157980778,-0.127924011565335,-0.132099896662756,-0.132101333755385,-0.132714542131917,-0.133203924326635,-0.133572399927683,-0.133567795818375,-0.133480829893482,-0.13337404632703,-0.133354229133978,-0.133577952551379,-0.133739316321646,-0.133753055402708,-0.133768853713552,-0.133803324465828,-0.133832136691109,-0.133858337511393,-0.133865649467516,-0.133922321275203,-0.134096157977635,-0.134099983365213,-0.134424266121947,-0.134792696669797,-0.13501692543501,-0.135215057072569,-0.135479659249554,-0.13590770747438,-0.136652228681157,-0.137542801528669,-0.13810202345136,-0.138273062866413,-0.138524360690671,-0.138673466401289,-0.139375872491717,-0.13940856083909,-0.139550140177419,-0.140016182868894,-0.141209586053554,-0.142046367516001,-0.142582260404961,-0.142675492012331,-0.143029852879177,-0.144235592020628,-0.144402806774704,-0.144485449703617,-0.144575314497773,-0.144623084731567,-0.144806470399126,-0.144832447448117,-0.144869994100105,-0.145170023528612,-0.145506343956206,-0.145823982018076,-0.146804383532772,-0.147530627349595,-0.148090403757366,-0.147891820766353,-0.147611998350463,-0.147568614011584,-0.147329625308052,-0.147083375858757,-0.146865080820767,-0.146684239992983,-0.146407801831631,-0.146141058478898,-0.146139621310394,-0.145676568197194,-0.145185020261458,-0.144347519788092,-0.144351685814041,-0.14466754172554,-0.145009452488029,-0.144916361334944,-0.1437336431634,-0.143048790040508,-0.143260352866332,-0.141598529051137,-0.140405494752076,-0.139509898827732,-0.139046762255499,-0.138519110930354,-0.138171703589366,-0.137851931036043,-0.138302061314228,-0.138516606450055,-0.138530592292179,-0.138825117852714,-0.138866506581606,-0.138922158756224,-0.138932923226227,-0.138926413757535,-0.138871916501968,-0.138764492707366,-0.138541377515274,-0.138489413983481,-0.138437233308592,-0.138411108755534,-0.138394222797694,-0.138364627100931,-0.138385737843622,-0.138382463270683,-0.138382390212501,-0.138387045012409,-0.138398535918847,-0.137711865188074,-0.137223228720877,-0.136707716433853,-0.135930953451802,-0.135495550897682,-0.13537942978969,-0.135332096812983,-0.135264182248907,-0.135364988199971,-0.135594044813573,-0.135869692057119,-0.136150255057233,-0.136455597568822,-0.136522574237384,-0.13668618801318,-0.136931901315918,-0.137598979853489,-0.137857583541824,-0.138228777521511,-0.139110238463698,-0.139489628323096,-0.139648099374187,-0.139697625222881,-0.139759061017731,-0.139805082744063,-0.139877384990536,-0.139972939086074,-0.139912604839843,-0.139737149598729,-0.139381248135705,-0.139325293548115,-0.139119203996465,-0.138981959773895,-0.138508993160534,-0.138306848405831,-0.138003196962673,-0.137815477505515,-0.13768372603967,-0.13750418086666,-0.137401295266007,-0.137383478701173,-0.137381492348265,-0.137303354429347,-0.137259898657787,-0.13725980095914,-0.137301879418514,-0.137286305256631,-0.13747598205927,-0.137487863544698,-0.13751834113913,-0.137497636786352,-0.137477224864496,-0.137433244803409,-0.137371898974046,-0.137048586543168,-0.137047038864715,-0.137011418628809,-0.136807525528614,-0.136688365263256,-0.136424240542724,-0.136104211428924,-0.135941865685118,-0.135904030302223,-0.13598006283615,-0.136023276867431,-0.136395509492335,-0.136416885660881,-0.136751142692421,-0.137351542017351,-0.137370345974172,-0.137885144957469,-0.13904175197888,-0.140804329352142,-0.141615520990297,-0.142358688306549,-0.142768671607667,-0.143271215544749,-0.143620746018612,-0.143823619507832,-0.144003546047174,-0.144337834134178,-0.144467146896157,-0.144594185015967,-0.14474971375206,-0.144854929024878,-0.145146059783223,-0.145406958130769,-0.145603491085663,-0.145687979027091,-0.145696480678902,-0.145678603887794,-0.145589219755579,-0.145586470909457,-0.145566209467677,-0.145440413773798,-0.145283375391459,-0.145174942972024,-0.144937083514845,-0.144795221274943,-0.144647607053157,-0.144068747593553,-0.14361726891556,-0.143360173809905,-0.143073614191755,-0.142953301005233,-0.142820933837657,-0.142583743483739,-0.142443739774792,-0.14237261191223,-0.142327935919123,-0.142322636054121,-0.143147423439467,-0.143612289191087,-0.143768645666085,-0.144621475243336,-0.146569772482711,-0.147359944859507,-0.147729989815446,-0.147378014758044,-0.147631060829538,-0.147651125425807,-0.147780674414259,-0.147958023813109,-0.148001656770303,-0.1479699417333,-0.147976942510853,-0.148080133856551,-0.148153901906247,-0.148333429116793,-0.148340791231727,-0.148365722793896,-0.148664622769225,-0.14896436596369,-0.149217219484626,-0.14929908852732,-0.149390467703309,-0.149671310636056,-0.149693477708396,-0.149702639551016,-0.149785293435531,-0.149930470525412,-0.150054847132415,-0.150384793337291,-0.150462437872661,-0.150535730391458,-0.150660554465939,-0.150731777235593,-0.150793133141798,-0.150967264984522,-0.150982575894671,-0.150991820536176,-0.151231440776376,-0.150470385432594,-0.150565707922629,-0.150641475648971,-0.150643219361426,-0.150618707584456,-0.15034529735977,-0.149429105499227,-0.147298420822349,-0.146114549751295,-0.143240731508532,-0.143100405044462,-0.142676865558519,-0.141583978595376,-0.141495707066829,-0.141784401177271,-0.140981336509298,-0.140342638428323,-0.139866906594007,-0.139741292312205,-0.139316231136524,-0.139455972006275,-0.139578566067387,-0.13959971183484,-0.139502107721296,-0.139448975615883,-0.139270423241419,-0.139209474594352,-0.139159732313647,-0.139066285214347,-0.138746615389697,-0.138726920290969,-0.138678677816737,-0.138516013519783,-0.138349190603968,-0.138042859248309,-0.137849022389014,-0.137492551566589,-0.136918036893619,-0.136660960608793,-0.136492601886568,-0.136388350136404,-0.136374363044888,-0.136358900340684,-0.136343401018312,-0.136327901701608,-0.136310963396635,-0.136293988472524,-0.13627557456055,-0.136258599647836,-0.136080091248305,-0.135909923757828,-0.135787169730419,-0.135704414379685,-0.135596573204696,-0.135348765997193,-0.135238908700959,-0.135071693474869,-0.134798788605454,-0.134747570687607,-0.134721998398648,-0.134557768238402,-0.134486349288335,-0.134494241129245,-0.134502032056657,-0.13453725629124,-0.134479218523145,-0.134449154728915,-0.134461785208729,-0.134533929325043,-0.134706485337658,-0.135230572700357,-0.134872832032163,-0.134857818342357,-0.134952915412768,-0.134710816358809,-0.134527853658549,-0.134520328388082,-0.134244027297499,-0.134111659568437,-0.134057228864073,-0.133980314972322,-0.133883428269518,-0.133883435069424,-0.133833679708412,-0.133646005365873,-0.133319289629018,-0.13309478670857,-0.132632231914222,-0.132275060519122,-0.13210720693736,-0.132061425051187,-0.131992638614136,-0.131989613404247,-0.131988174234073,-0.131969545631798,-0.131877099887468,-0.131829554833591,-0.131736233738392,-0.131611697163077,-0.131544406160754,-0.131412327669543,-0.131344882250843,-0.131168547730105,-0.130985059354685,-0.130853681715717,-0.130661757702418,-0.130644934085059,-0.130583341377803,-0.130567883443736,-0.130441377616564,-0.13037057894711,-0.130352830338586,-0.130348292115677,-0.130311392382061,-0.130219991155674,-0.130188995280464,-0.129947544105655,-0.129459037650374,-0.129168138126041,-0.128635486439486,-0.127989872366079,-0.127496477292734,-0.127405731835023,-0.127279859397038,-0.127161070390208,-0.127049050673229,-0.1268735114221,-0.12636370163664,-0.126531888111467,-0.127052352814204,-0.127727240296149,-0.128035930845084,-0.128171746425765,-0.128368339650401,-0.128455634947445],"lat":[51.4850487577115,51.4850591741619,51.4851227322577,51.48520495545,51.4852983096526,51.4855843646141,51.4857027653205,51.4858715620724,51.4859926350706,51.4862826394758,51.4866351382742,51.4868016733688,51.486918663779,51.4869354853446,51.4870286500733,51.4872511087148,51.48746958,51.4876510896298,51.4878336368096,51.4878493063642,51.4878547913119,51.4877705522877,51.4878288050618,51.4878386213096,51.4879617595473,51.4882519622316,51.4883384419964,51.4885035898172,51.489163811181,51.489203951719,51.4894179964762,51.4895886744116,51.4902153678943,51.490743344872,51.4912907920471,51.4919142102888,51.4924469323997,51.4930133888558,51.4943700902219,51.4944676524683,51.4949135031617,51.4957476905483,51.4961413490885,51.4973621441001,51.4986391398795,51.5008771001186,51.5016859601867,51.5017549064445,51.5023766846624,51.5023911769912,51.5038472071491,51.5039508745622,51.5040591738124,51.5042648497906,51.5044542343481,51.5046612225422,51.5048662054434,51.5050477999406,51.5057254872634,51.505902747095,51.5062511576633,51.5065015927944,51.5064689608539,51.5064847899986,51.5067747127528,51.5068388875009,51.5069394818541,51.5072997317538,51.507368686544,51.5074462574311,51.5075343072176,51.5076617695407,51.5077892994698,51.5079244941545,51.5079974662463,51.5080943389869,51.5081513543758,51.5083547254226,51.5083559082741,51.5083301139095,51.5082735100342,51.5081033558958,51.5081356057504,51.5082127741263,51.5082433302168,51.5082794491234,51.5083199253306,51.5083848598956,51.5084407114991,51.5084163781536,51.508071009038,51.5077049011519,51.5077528268325,51.5077586225888,51.5074749352899,51.5074242854496,51.5071148782822,51.5070071253768,51.5069088859945,51.5070639465731,51.5052944250877,51.5052907607269,51.5049820645071,51.5048295874517,51.504688405735,51.5044955903041,51.5043053161161,51.5042543950409,51.5040472010799,51.5036403503096,51.5036403270612,51.5033712645254,51.503012524634,51.5022223669249,51.5025226847534,51.5024138695951,51.5022730981663,51.5022049864567,51.5021630752432,51.5021329627974,51.5020457220739,51.502010380516,51.5015838717798,51.5016658592178,51.5015787984448,51.5007985308127,51.5005342767682,51.5004935424916,51.5003480906476,51.4991060054832,51.498497445846,51.4983759480334,51.4983650945218,51.4968749944281,51.4968436574153,51.496777869821,51.4964474432471,51.4955765923826,51.4954990063073,51.4954229507544,51.4954070587184,51.4953922799127,51.4953721554995,51.4949559282866,51.4941626120676,51.4936954996991,51.4936134308592,51.4935271611335,51.4935081265191,51.4933195776455,51.4930707490032,51.4929302531488,51.4927305012599,51.4925024720469,51.4922482187509,51.4919515422729,51.4919685610311,51.4920137688372,51.4919972671453,51.4918836689267,51.4917800861051,51.4916930284119,51.4914739004137,51.4913204078911,51.4911799006381,51.4910556025052,51.4910511325159,51.490871629915,51.4904610094687,51.4900301981615,51.4895521465094,51.4887693736197,51.4861549680086,51.4858482654888,51.4857438842786,51.4856489306401,51.4855647607247,51.4855048311731,51.4848900160455,51.4846925905776,51.4845308864821,51.4840610895701,51.4836540119241,51.483521670582,51.4832951623668,51.482965189098,51.4829503455346,51.4827802376843,51.4826970505754,51.4824350428954,51.4822032028865,51.4821000499927,51.4820984071315,51.4820945864213,51.4818332441989,51.4815842034551,51.4814585776044,51.4814393801073,51.4809076275622,51.4809028639439,51.4807900513685,51.4807135162815,51.480415317648,51.480396134646,51.4803823366114,51.4803530291657,51.4802947092123,51.4802744975379,51.4802064107969,51.4801193288296,51.4798480327598,51.479146961825,51.4783414624043,51.4775267518895,51.4768727506239,51.4767307147164,51.4766462285461,51.4762766567624,51.4747843944652,51.4744585425299,51.4743456743893,51.4742767704482,51.4742112746263,51.473991224903,51.4734240782876,51.4730561112497,51.4726235449547,51.4722662666638,51.4721886912187,51.471933580318,51.4706924786734,51.469880850578,51.470200308365,51.4703532474712,51.4705284050227,51.4706009352195,51.4706726835596,51.4707412815706,51.4707801907646,51.4708762394752,51.4716029141915,51.4717178811781,51.4717675974287,51.4719056580878,51.4721274572327,51.4720295368535,51.4720150413975,51.4709490476284,51.47075182146,51.4701453197711,51.4699239094002,51.4698216126626,51.4697744848178,51.4690881834427,51.4676131634509,51.4663179646841,51.4662147683868,51.4661578720751,51.4660866910871,51.4660003736482,51.4657338490899,51.4632942948095,51.4628320175052,51.4625535502386,51.4619928708741,51.4611207425392,51.4610336017781,51.4608367131138,51.4607150768916,51.4606588502011,51.460580414515,51.4604318742517,51.4600047769236,51.4595937222896,51.459169055564,51.4590124484711,51.4588627031173,51.4586503555875,51.4584927661555,51.4584572172859,51.4583754525244,51.4578811624385,51.457604110722,51.4574081714419,51.4571631935137,51.4568797123064,51.4564151459301,51.4561553765739,51.4560370804857,51.4556984115118,51.4554020942286,51.454768758596,51.4543915188628,51.4541519539034,51.4540541266138,51.4538671090198,51.453776098121,51.4532155842652,51.4530852553517,51.4530100708503,51.4529208805709,51.4526026550121,51.4525216690228,51.4523647162235,51.4522596662065,51.4521579778885,51.4520560799239,51.451955746333,51.4518570003999,51.4517853074248,51.4517598421106,51.4515670099667,51.4513582579496,51.4512418547966,51.451158362574,51.4510859571719,51.4510183013821,51.450660448433,51.4503569709723,51.4503119214777,51.450306610881,51.4503191014799,51.4503181691149,51.4503096977922,51.4502940837651,51.4502695763461,51.4502379495516,51.4501966706075,51.4500999672569,51.450000684447,51.4498635879537,51.4495367236917,51.4494043642998,51.4493483909325,51.449204454791,51.4491417477348,51.4490824720616,51.4487366918479,51.4484309890868,51.4481361272053,51.4477669430884,51.4467463982053,51.4465083680161,51.4462649221739,51.4457118198803,51.4455454493195,51.4454611029744,51.4452974176793,51.445209045427,51.4450793582976,51.4448815835292,51.4447012571748,51.4446319203185,51.4445218634237,51.4443445813597,51.4434012018594,51.4428182423082,51.4426907000246,51.4424427576938,51.4422566253173,51.441964353945,51.4417739616028,51.4414208282636,51.4410779211494,51.4408369832835,51.440322498223,51.4395984946164,51.4391057401892,51.4389736234664,51.4388192601623,51.4387436417222,51.4386240216039,51.4383126075818,51.4378491885237,51.4374086713512,51.4366697234783,51.436457868583,51.4360981186371,51.4351445928934,51.4343679295929,51.4327836023129,51.4318041623016,51.4305419732414,51.4297073244399,51.4294454398531,51.4293413985321,51.4292478596134,51.4290964462825,51.4290006714468,51.4288651731174,51.4287242620282,51.4285876331423,51.4285783010699,51.4285649217199,51.4285240427242,51.4285011302757,51.4284710990119,51.4284232355052,51.4282987450126,51.4281872817401,51.4280408816589,51.4279595735069,51.4279146407323,51.4278695436353,51.4278260795251,51.4277778639078,51.4277339068011,51.4276884171499,51.4276596497162,51.4274838633296,51.4273676738437,51.4273549047939,51.4272610046567,51.4269570959407,51.4265312871155,51.4261382285314,51.4257278598775,51.425391597638,51.4250082704014,51.4247250586757,51.424527900738,51.4241442746833,51.423689349313,51.4234128511613,51.4231032437949,51.4229986237489,51.4230069991578,51.4231366518318,51.423325702512,51.4233755284858,51.4233674687778,51.423307592975,51.422333901801,51.4218485092207,51.4218594620816,51.4219806291575,51.422048212711,51.4221408128698,51.422108889023,51.4218817095502,51.4217512473026,51.4216928620287,51.4215707978361,51.4211850029972,51.4209871981437,51.4209144779208,51.4208953706468,51.4208498726442,51.4208368674811,51.4208182819367,51.4206091367607,51.4205806626913,51.4205637532652,51.4204101984003,51.4202597903478,51.4200573782445,51.420021075479,51.4199918912313,51.4198682777411,51.4198478240153,51.4198256104374,51.4197499082287,51.4197211608369,51.4196861819843,51.419671682498,51.4196713605462,51.4196799223661,51.4197481742434,51.4197715331573,51.4197298618904,51.4197282291599,51.4196698914764,51.4195594657099,51.4193519919254,51.4192886703076,51.4192678915146,51.4192687165465,51.4192749467124,51.4193058492556,51.4193494802811,51.4194158120492,51.4194784152104,51.4197575533628,51.4198506007776,51.4199272685405,51.420065529292,51.420545559611,51.4208115603489,51.4209598761326,51.4210376360312,51.4210850372478,51.4211261477802,51.4211769007031,51.4212261606466,51.4214731866372,51.4215844115972,51.4217231809704,51.421928010508,51.422221829573,51.4223540442694,51.422539942557,51.4226217415385,51.4226726213016,51.4227248904408,51.4227633752941,51.4227984184579,51.4228112724646,51.4228188639414,51.4228138502851,51.4227980989184,51.4227579305446,51.4226671088118,51.4226292941751,51.4226041185673,51.4225855595488,51.422574212401,51.4225706725929,51.4225775518623,51.4225838585307,51.4225778632731,51.4226463898669,51.4226400855572,51.4226076875728,51.4225746433085,51.4225768110216,51.4225770040978,51.4225836111212,51.4226141154387,51.4226987218233,51.4228637870699,51.4230376875179,51.4231369647667,51.4231575584492,51.4231693562639,51.4231517525668,51.4231505169796,51.4231489621376,51.4231288159753,51.4231426786923,51.423176051407,51.4232043442993,51.4232442099705,51.4232293492234,51.4231328946608,51.4229205737274,51.4227648220829,51.4224549754291,51.4223007117185,51.4222543740592,51.422088655338,51.4220354752156,51.4219371104349,51.4216675221162,51.4216667159443,51.4216645055471,51.4216621332733,51.4216130532139,51.4215184415167,51.4212470580776,51.4212260880766,51.4209216464197,51.4208424967178,51.4208004005461,51.4206561588383,51.4205789707076,51.4204732585149,51.4203757981507,51.4202652080192,51.4201371029822,51.4200779811802,51.4198004721269,51.4198217417871,51.4197877091859,51.4196372227168,51.4195736043176,51.419498441479,51.4194530026887,51.4192681147202,51.4191665685698,51.4189861255109,51.418807224121,51.4185663348533,51.4183060419938,51.4181742369857,51.4180183982268,51.417782692576,51.4175574023829,51.4172541348773,51.4171469623422,51.4170859216599,51.4170840782194,51.417078778348,51.4170598830309,51.4170478084746,51.4169772280457,51.4169989576234,51.4169556368919,51.4168769221515,51.4167793582069,51.4166564930403,51.4165199632218,51.4163524173237,51.4162414420099,51.4161870604671,51.4159944207241,51.415796710426,51.4155690203542,51.4155071722849,51.4153000595878,51.4152698499561,51.41523251998,51.4151950526,51.4150293738062,51.4150346031968,51.415054667235,51.4150307482344,51.4149155544793,51.4147141532915,51.4146501339335,51.4146314863526,51.4146097526906,51.4143976157874,51.4141764919724,51.41400606363,51.4140026052504,51.4138323394991,51.4136799782852,51.4135804780504,51.4134773388324,51.4133651668259,51.4133602577449,51.4132908380406,51.4132899623564,51.4129118948266,51.4127676190805,51.4126317761136,51.4127811769892,51.412912259178,51.4129307152793,51.4129264057043,51.412790712285,51.4125244128204,51.4124916637775,51.4123169792889,51.4123035909315,51.4122535862989,51.4120053145048,51.4120076857862,51.4122928405978,51.4122928635033,51.4123484982471,51.4124785949235,51.4125761889936,51.4125833097904,51.4127060233369,51.4128562983937,51.412883859972,51.4129341850279,51.4126795649368,51.4126599998906,51.4126251801244,51.4125555863539,51.412413061974,51.4121580878294,51.4120844645017,51.4118227814186,51.4110144119031,51.4109910919072,51.4110789870809,51.4111774759309,51.411215216618,51.4112228658529,51.4112225796702,51.4113049274575,51.4114552545982,51.4116564584921,51.4118020328185,51.4118748927676,51.411954422904,51.4120008551819,51.4121972577334,51.4122067693592,51.4122261030754,51.4123647933105,51.4127587212662,51.4131173079436,51.4133425253229,51.4133484992498,51.4131562766313,51.4125719695787,51.4124909857635,51.4124743089969,51.4124568472468,51.4124135396053,51.4123948604578,51.4123925738868,51.4123886719263,51.4125435980305,51.4125480212824,51.4125521479851,51.4125604612692,51.4127374077934,51.412870353219,51.4130515640621,51.4133214168798,51.4133629965224,51.413583135342,51.4138049574099,51.4139399924233,51.4140378502685,51.414188151693,51.4143475984679,51.4143475757339,51.4146316113884,51.41490889941,51.4153479712016,51.4153516342208,51.4155778538641,51.415799988714,51.4158614636728,51.4166565702113,51.4171250284305,51.4172632699317,51.4184158648187,51.4192494429033,51.4198764040928,51.4201954838109,51.4205800825663,51.4208470411073,51.4211063443373,51.4220280464566,51.4226240688383,51.4226692541406,51.4236334455354,51.4238184517378,51.4245729179728,51.4247682289893,51.4252825040799,51.4260927738902,51.4268248665218,51.4279966596388,51.4283195689062,51.4287539832496,51.4290782021023,51.4295644349164,51.4299740285207,51.4303394643492,51.4304554171828,51.4304572145471,51.4304842663487,51.4305554905799,51.4304960222205,51.4304486899236,51.4303901371859,51.4303175356987,51.4302701435183,51.4302602028985,51.4302567521039,51.4303348067567,51.4306502531583,51.4312078426559,51.431964010353,51.4328470514101,51.4338285051506,51.4339149998816,51.4339247950402,51.4339322979041,51.4338026142022,51.4337761479896,51.434059017179,51.4348140063573,51.4351788343334,51.4353153395706,51.4354420222166,51.4356651148318,51.4358780709077,51.4362587066309,51.4368816125406,51.4370209398735,51.4373023220141,51.4375628545124,51.4375943397148,51.4377088713204,51.4377579502959,51.4379248968475,51.4380484822979,51.4382621796591,51.4384201653471,51.4385817377412,51.4388216855846,51.439087131363,51.4393836044642,51.4393970618189,51.4396907778392,51.4397332518185,51.4397710192357,51.4397977664805,51.4398622657969,51.4400100608375,51.4400363281984,51.4401006599993,51.4401497903873,51.4401917313293,51.4402117155133,51.4403402343295,51.4402586591892,51.4402613323754,51.440252672908,51.4405956477395,51.4407304413194,51.4411390033521,51.4415421795707,51.4417832977705,51.4420057128362,51.4420114182251,51.4420103068787,51.4419155081129,51.4418852730829,51.441804257623,51.4417247727867,51.4417223738009,51.441695481668,51.4417030582683,51.4417418183878,51.44175108461,51.441770058346,51.44177295777,51.4417998034283,51.4418386119693,51.4423004472909,51.4426540076805,51.4432465168195,51.4434643861824,51.4437029023606,51.4439130929894,51.4440865167669,51.4444661150691,51.4449171750586,51.4453941939943,51.4458307720598,51.4458695746963,51.4458845793221,51.4459596024076,51.4459919322604,51.4463144458458,51.4468619031975,51.447327932746,51.4476598422747,51.4482378991606,51.4485423015284,51.4487045297469,51.4490316896301,51.4493051098527,51.4495051701131,51.4497928904889,51.4499204779466,51.4500613632054,51.450338174146,51.4505607705653,51.4507529841874,51.4509671991546,51.4509913951646,51.4510952874546,51.4511664971551,51.4512148352395,51.4514792291836,51.4520235250046,51.4522365497011,51.4523395169742,51.4529634359405,51.4529701323652,51.4529722479201,51.4538609633168,51.4547423402576,51.4548734219547,51.4549457608176,51.4551284207594,51.455957368058,51.4564108599432,51.4572032437787,51.457305875415,51.4573656201852,51.4579116936398,51.4584370966412,51.4588763291392,51.459094342527,51.4593619651056,51.4612449456535,51.4613019486817,51.4613245746962,51.461487745348,51.4617067572417,51.4618705860711,51.4622552781671,51.4623644138719,51.4624743801249,51.4626984655116,51.4628596566012,51.4630512667326,51.4638363661604,51.463956208716,51.4642261313913,51.465884541388,51.4659777511042,51.4663263676108,51.4672654866954,51.4674004025778,51.4676149380845,51.4676825655692,51.4680152209962,51.4688637417347,51.4693342238085,51.4704676732921,51.4705194063444,51.4700639688947,51.4706320672454,51.4706783286697,51.4709086177792,51.4712888626441,51.4715925745952,51.4713233444947,51.4713672136523,51.47151604026,51.4716558440552,51.4717216365707,51.4717327631732,51.4717959609037,51.4717924200242,51.4718633255806,51.4718749479057,51.471858871102,51.4718906604699,51.4719970941558,51.4719149491591,51.4718620264395,51.4718963135554,51.4719620083984,51.4721298014106,51.4722930855262,51.4725958685407,51.4730903246869,51.4729324666137,51.4728236786356,51.472767167003,51.4727570528616,51.4727478145209,51.4727394748528,51.4727311351827,51.4727227726377,51.4727153087648,51.4727078220162,51.4727003581383,51.4726993190309,51.472705606314,51.4727144457262,51.4727311150603,51.4727626728109,51.4728720384854,51.4729530229722,51.4730987408068,51.473329105807,51.4733139029167,51.4733054027896,51.4734484696174,51.4736460690835,51.473770292086,51.4737910989492,51.4738806857966,51.4738914527356,51.4739224483874,51.4739658136733,51.4739975362445,51.4740740205498,51.4742873873899,51.4746557880718,51.4746708366094,51.4747047225399,51.4749562602447,51.4748877037151,51.4748956772974,51.4751736475882,51.4752767542519,51.4755519598381,51.4756370644433,51.4756822838344,51.4758585382347,51.4759485712626,51.4762423387938,51.4766966579858,51.4770105212182,51.4776524187271,51.4781467165327,51.4783778493797,51.4784409672619,51.4784326773803,51.4784362262108,51.4784362032831,51.4784691789933,51.4786169827365,51.4787232367463,51.4789276795852,51.4791559048763,51.4792519523079,51.4794180085172,51.4794825794014,51.4796038664784,51.479759211006,51.4799432628917,51.4801991891607,51.4802232008734,51.4802150248665,51.4802408568541,51.4804465681056,51.4805578463004,51.480569253634,51.4805745768103,51.4805964698483,51.4806480685198,51.4806664586374,51.4811823782946,51.4813652287741,51.48147029713,51.4816407495308,51.4818615530206,51.4820227351864,51.4824097648112,51.4828807634482,51.4833545728354,51.4836279560563,51.4838697497978,51.4844659051229,51.4845090588933,51.4846019032901,51.4847223902695,51.4847462030356,51.484735781553,51.4849646328526,51.4850487577115]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.108924883868241,-0.108894269735679,-0.108847580077174,-0.108416904920587,-0.108017178666722,-0.107833206420274,-0.107808537267913,-0.10767567608851,-0.107574125383989,-0.107468104351737,-0.107277973872567,-0.106989320644951,-0.106937439786594,-0.106397104252605,-0.105833689961095,-0.105036457774036,-0.104702205726018,-0.104801056010178,-0.104734318180435,-0.104709133781234,-0.104140283183395,-0.104139149247433,-0.104082336569763,-0.103881641066779,-0.10331413829883,-0.102885907117428,-0.101511458427887,-0.0999529210181413,-0.0998470453163452,-0.0991075498695526,-0.0982274508495596,-0.096666006711308,-0.0960880298077279,-0.0958513904326843,-0.0958341257573212,-0.0955439411965939,-0.0951370413950688,-0.0950840801133748,-0.0951027321195401,-0.0947654987933977,-0.0946357644322794,-0.0945146706837239,-0.0942914670883751,-0.0934364680660061,-0.0928587604725235,-0.0920135693305049,-0.0920627532517626,-0.0919169950484884,-0.0918742092612161,-0.0915691692447875,-0.0915972679395417,-0.0910206869347411,-0.0909486225145941,-0.0903720438158509,-0.0903668481519349,-0.0903947102916085,-0.0904423699856017,-0.0904112660273967,-0.0903508977654027,-0.0902774809255495,-0.0902234594080765,-0.0901611475799723,-0.0895714732167299,-0.0881776029004634,-0.0881257995057577,-0.0880524333155159,-0.0878262360886095,-0.0877884294327518,-0.0874760836377062,-0.0870307667799352,-0.0867772374041851,-0.0867711289619036,-0.0867552319851851,-0.0864797081035306,-0.0862721856903547,-0.0855700602577835,-0.084665956898028,-0.0844651840767512,-0.0837548514907782,-0.0835922813769113,-0.083496441875686,-0.083225027862722,-0.0830670421540706,-0.0825249022135211,-0.0817663061992942,-0.0814571920278087,-0.0810639873388767,-0.0809681067395115,-0.0801787800328016,-0.0799448469783681,-0.0796444113828586,-0.0793672810576449,-0.0792014988566701,-0.0780042061793385,-0.077682972358831,-0.077732908698923,-0.0776923601639343,-0.0767961605426609,-0.0765424231803539,-0.0759700761174213,-0.0758964863195631,-0.0755130817479243,-0.0753251317037996,-0.075155104819539,-0.0743446852371163,-0.0741113413091058,-0.0735620878863626,-0.0730220459212559,-0.0729044288323569,-0.0728458466465828,-0.0726152741963103,-0.0719816520565024,-0.0718705872261429,-0.0716205809917952,-0.0708602010213442,-0.0716278677748496,-0.0719098610644109,-0.0720678054345285,-0.0722192220129915,-0.0723278572899559,-0.0724491852992149,-0.0731586920211186,-0.0734243035997624,-0.0736525918781122,-0.0736794938178409,-0.073540362371588,-0.0733552686845405,-0.0723950055819223,-0.072136550592677,-0.0720055969212796,-0.0718370140111797,-0.0717160999329131,-0.0712005756471161,-0.0708183514506304,-0.0698116398374846,-0.0697390741871995,-0.0695044181965448,-0.0693830556279111,-0.068998130689135,-0.0676047885989576,-0.0676340888990937,-0.067381975046876,-0.0672553159328218,-0.0649321109517321,-0.0649906439804338,-0.0648800511401162,-0.0647889864831422,-0.0638078830763874,-0.0637968822658085,-0.0633312977150162,-0.0632943802170419,-0.0624798025226181,-0.0619613171571533,-0.0616110612789007,-0.0606961416804167,-0.0606603937053945,-0.0602793774910435,-0.0602698050123019,-0.0596856512608642,-0.0594048118582146,-0.0592301366827519,-0.0592011877602706,-0.0589637606343534,-0.0584733731930514,-0.0576625439444893,-0.0573303168854261,-0.0571493464931778,-0.0564339232697607,-0.0564324452181619,-0.056320049785904,-0.0562509397442944,-0.0561737117745469,-0.0561323262150531,-0.0561829478117725,-0.0559462168065337,-0.05591280836531,-0.0550571599820841,-0.0549724154297804,-0.0545238911249605,-0.0545396765768685,-0.0540673978334703,-0.0539652689636337,-0.0539085408141657,-0.0538565150163539,-0.0538234368951691,-0.0537877005932667,-0.0536861459388802,-0.0536952525234609,-0.0533871566191793,-0.0531481494193446,-0.0527816303459077,-0.0522854143207218,-0.0521377722539463,-0.0511569824482229,-0.0511555425806014,-0.0507703001537005,-0.0505065626444662,-0.0502216468780486,-0.0497061031922482,-0.0494389792440179,-0.0488765213400374,-0.0491175651972609,-0.04860539984544,-0.0481189373870965,-0.048035615003083,-0.0479858329892008,-0.047974774559284,-0.0479512562111407,-0.0479164490551618,-0.0478256580841939,-0.047770192278537,-0.0477801172596528,-0.0478256748927183,-0.0479793793036657,-0.0479952180026774,-0.0479810871121204,-0.0479655741098124,-0.0479173841201068,-0.0474876659055679,-0.0475468942732592,-0.0470406429701836,-0.0469641923087415,-0.0467220195211332,-0.0466624799750078,-0.0464466191421546,-0.0461551449407998,-0.0460239534321381,-0.0460149293546273,-0.0462618804127669,-0.0461729849670924,-0.0463728245330359,-0.0455973924773755,-0.0453089511671508,-0.0450493424274001,-0.045113273068998,-0.0451937125505101,-0.0444130275032273,-0.0442500935337531,-0.0439089396566766,-0.0433759564483341,-0.0430198450497262,-0.0410591516179163,-0.0404561487403824,-0.0401622328451109,-0.0398699112655222,-0.0392561470262364,-0.038659277986631,-0.0383966063159048,-0.0372439307563309,-0.0370588940128137,-0.0370375148784212,-0.0370419011593665,-0.0369632422909031,-0.0368815876098637,-0.0367810800827219,-0.0366097102034381,-0.0362561572213708,-0.0358541378335716,-0.0356491760385551,-0.035016386069043,-0.0346667052204087,-0.0343547751882994,-0.0338965165659108,-0.0337358732382559,-0.0335740834095758,-0.0334393223007222,-0.0333994985359632,-0.0333683144992818,-0.0333409307648381,-0.0332532328686868,-0.0330885203786507,-0.0328620466336809,-0.0330370730205787,-0.0330005092398638,-0.0328428156860284,-0.0328296084249224,-0.0328221608223436,-0.0329712451688139,-0.0329735590843252,-0.0327249977149844,-0.0325094845649951,-0.0324007874491513,-0.0323543158817234,-0.0324273795439972,-0.0323710071438988,-0.0323736705667193,-0.0323983581235057,-0.0323670531354539,-0.032390339328656,-0.032318285605414,-0.032326754771516,-0.0323772197492056,-0.0323205786295061,-0.0322879972384056,-0.0322459329976404,-0.0322375065395526,-0.0322391484084724,-0.0322617066796678,-0.0323110638345718,-0.0323171948751147,-0.0323595396665861,-0.0326165925738282,-0.032774533501946,-0.0326163342097975,-0.0324791249788296,-0.032615693289219,-0.0328467806154559,-0.0329182363514938,-0.0328831726333417,-0.0329684845049852,-0.0326565405708577,-0.0325454346084431,-0.0325796298087926,-0.0326562322974322,-0.0327308533268769,-0.0328980366216175,-0.0329258539819287,-0.0329326184207869,-0.0329345141379313,-0.0329217427022165,-0.0329027871845362,-0.0328135524946784,-0.0327222754238407,-0.0326733666856454,-0.0326390477219462,-0.0325754252195417,-0.0325691557543459,-0.0325673986530093,-0.0325993790192481,-0.0326697551809135,-0.0327395497910403,-0.0327423661236241,-0.0327086187754525,-0.0327125812878119,-0.0327265822226111,-0.0327461093540497,-0.032806409170658,-0.0329847549666623,-0.0331191006716737,-0.0331758247433232,-0.0332168680679663,-0.0332496993317146,-0.0332459825828436,-0.0332124769877582,-0.0331500637820537,-0.0330826356114241,-0.032998482343752,-0.0329705887288576,-0.032903602481509,-0.0328699891605102,-0.0328238064576831,-0.0327649770215819,-0.0327051723015694,-0.0326557929139546,-0.0326306155996324,-0.0325519942996068,-0.0326171686781728,-0.0325485179007975,-0.0323548492125667,-0.0324074003682295,-0.0324180110758208,-0.0324128719994269,-0.0325812136090533,-0.0325503561272178,-0.0329109223829939,-0.0332477972770693,-0.0333040894353065,-0.0333273155477514,-0.0352387216093306,-0.0373150803555925,-0.0373768641237583,-0.0374759597680906,-0.0375003930996977,-0.0375305459405504,-0.0375606987846505,-0.0375908516319976,-0.0376209658916403,-0.0376510415653411,-0.0376538820262686,-0.0376939186185477,-0.0377324771084342,-0.0377709584357728,-0.0378094011923315,-0.0378464044396457,-0.0378833305324785,-0.0379174161744925,-0.0379543423060225,-0.0379897517611017,-0.0380237217087604,-0.0380576530949278,-0.0380915845034432,-0.0381240378221065,-0.0382350216555107,-0.0383867879246394,-0.0384104113684262,-0.0384439187181648,-0.0384788656425555,-0.0385138126049014,-0.0385516772583601,-0.038589619096696,-0.0386275224001525,-0.0386669424263213,-0.0387078406025489,-0.0387177245516686,-0.0387515793330585,-0.0387883132275287,-0.0388236461726279,-0.0388604186875652,-0.0388986693406106,-0.0389355190388399,-0.0389738468718505,-0.0390136142743198,-0.0390519807163834,-0.0390932648380807,-0.0391331479947705,-0.0391745092801416,-0.039191668179801,-0.0392230683278661,-0.0392559080346489,-0.0392873467612856,-0.0393202250458505,-0.0393531418971023,-0.0393860587558628,-0.0394204537288545,-0.0394534477140681,-0.0394864417042225,-0.0395194742539676,-0.0395539849119167,-0.0395870560217481,-0.0396201656866091,-0.0396547920072385,-0.0396879787756461,-0.0397038523839454,-0.0397370777003999,-0.0397718196639302,-0.0398036825209442,-0.0398369849229717,-0.0398703644149626,-0.0399023043487938,-0.0399342828212423,-0.0399662612845775,-0.0403702577611139,-0.0405530663800994,-0.0405633744023205,-0.040070409203359,-0.0410557121601089,-0.0403437766702011,-0.0425080684437328,-0.0422258811866002,-0.0423572954926337,-0.0427407306956685,-0.0444988076356961,-0.0445526997878397,-0.0445765170177732,-0.0447370694698301,-0.0447581570706375,-0.0451354574348735,-0.0451157873883516,-0.0455218198795633,-0.0458317699635167,-0.045927271388187,-0.0461644328441216,-0.0465673905348454,-0.046566139140508,-0.0465674553881514,-0.0475957693621637,-0.0475500521624245,-0.0492201398236527,-0.0492609454962062,-0.0493583486646747,-0.0497130681987174,-0.0496574634469883,-0.0503452504160159,-0.0508174990507022,-0.0511516775852039,-0.051466140834449,-0.0519587310682263,-0.0501695864249432,-0.0501087651461758,-0.0503442218803046,-0.0503089650995889,-0.0503845004887595,-0.0504643921379732,-0.0506442364707914,-0.050738069966401,-0.0507700434024619,-0.0511157415114141,-0.0513084841981151,-0.0517503026451615,-0.0521198449866822,-0.0521749634268724,-0.052412862924674,-0.0525005444236586,-0.052622128758287,-0.0526311862879402,-0.052889862968115,-0.0539775072559336,-0.0537288209688645,-0.0535645669101784,-0.0535154281407876,-0.0534061718232386,-0.0533219526531397,-0.0532545851097408,-0.0531861076360356,-0.0531561104779202,-0.0530305481515667,-0.0529942347054072,-0.0529339421701074,-0.0529017326674303,-0.0528805558539071,-0.0528443655520426,-0.0528567992104907,-0.0528940235493211,-0.0529203683954727,-0.052940550036634,-0.0529464607207172,-0.0529491940219821,-0.0530797300699865,-0.0531812877966295,-0.0531402049168991,-0.0535601768769731,-0.053551889513163,-0.0534231287634101,-0.0533148653948933,-0.0532493839686831,-0.0531958612950243,-0.0531691418265712,-0.0530973674088207,-0.0530409272411823,-0.053001215946034,-0.053000006316441,-0.0529644218628848,-0.0530137022762819,-0.0531180202217174,-0.0529847470341148,-0.0529824043813377,-0.0528902531118909,-0.0528326824957764,-0.0528009500090838,-0.052922307376246,-0.052921534147532,-0.0529786987831155,-0.0529495533342771,-0.0529559685457919,-0.0529597043741035,-0.0528575566372399,-0.0528187354491899,-0.0528114705324193,-0.0529427089817337,-0.0529744789124799,-0.0530175472881381,-0.0530527536041904,-0.0531188253693356,-0.0532507230157803,-0.0532604296442414,-0.0531682452106226,-0.0531566934538587,-0.0531877733437085,-0.0532189296970081,-0.0532686189780241,-0.0533060675833338,-0.0534278278993932,-0.0534894209215155,-0.053514345944661,-0.0535069649447489,-0.0533882794933146,-0.0533568091911449,-0.0533588755150366,-0.0534132193428898,-0.0535734491515254,-0.0535735169205681,-0.0535732638472234,-0.0535203209702636,-0.0534702478292754,-0.053478161993343,-0.0535218019155679,-0.0536213682954407,-0.0536541243539517,-0.0536954387962369,-0.0537080231938356,-0.0539998270327222,-0.0540185118811683,-0.0539530004528852,-0.0539473204406874,-0.0543285621615421,-0.052699292258052,-0.0527475093200252,-0.0527630744253158,-0.0527570407700278,-0.0521738080353587,-0.0519805548895314,-0.0518015101368531,-0.0516871207496379,-0.0516866166733845,-0.0517824915579838,-0.0521513384332843,-0.0522818735097796,-0.0520409515551983,-0.0516843797801224,-0.0514464025808392,-0.0509945369054817,-0.0508814383165,-0.0511282812127266,-0.0513266102244651,-0.0513196461773855,-0.0510002810433363,-0.0505751755077384,-0.0506340271449851,-0.0508222829406686,-0.050888481097279,-0.0505200295554414,-0.0502785697874518,-0.0499050330788112,-0.0496700958804346,-0.0496231161817146,-0.0494067681474365,-0.0490558122865472,-0.0486291612404655,-0.0482061191563365,-0.0485401979814378,-0.0477208465331278,-0.047561708582314,-0.0473305408223251,-0.0470375690748176,-0.0467730275416142,-0.0465867888939191,-0.0463636462999198,-0.0462138185378556,-0.0459991210725144,-0.0457204031873131,-0.0454572901389416,-0.0453463769837235,-0.0452368684045048,-0.0451885675392244,-0.0451290897318183,-0.0451056298100588,-0.045114160617049,-0.04512328496918,-0.0451770471803711,-0.0452426796109231,-0.0453035114371167,-0.0453357571257446,-0.0456156165409278,-0.0457174095242005,-0.0457427479421509,-0.0457799593899552,-0.0457813978350305,-0.0460016639346827,-0.0461032181260617,-0.0461603938139329,-0.0449958213687239,-0.0446323674444298,-0.0434522878966957,-0.0427455996056473,-0.042100398294264,-0.0419620921115342,-0.0418251477642915,-0.041648675879561,-0.0424456929522112,-0.0429893823439384,-0.043189696041172,-0.0436628148094154,-0.0438862063115039,-0.044507982427779,-0.0448740643456642,-0.0450006504362564,-0.0451242651737492,-0.0451964712532178,-0.0451789282123866,-0.0454831912892902,-0.0458752607174564,-0.0461507881265284,-0.0465114884891526,-0.0469414918353515,-0.0477579714428508,-0.04823982944232,-0.0487217649753316,-0.0490866665658559,-0.0493664416534309,-0.0499355371056182,-0.0509546346759246,-0.0530700256051657,-0.0534646104341701,-0.0535797164755799,-0.0536450073961008,-0.0537878448152509,-0.0539083836257832,-0.0539539465553027,-0.0540076036051668,-0.054081343190032,-0.0543312884776401,-0.0547487777129806,-0.0554355181402601,-0.0565434617661607,-0.0575613259477832,-0.0581006749022713,-0.0586189647560479,-0.0586875234700805,-0.0590615535876293,-0.0596776817965176,-0.0609726891245249,-0.0613835845986096,-0.0618269592924329,-0.0620797547640144,-0.0622199392777866,-0.0623432380130388,-0.062569075879215,-0.062901464771905,-0.0630839318185606,-0.0632447249422437,-0.0633651287033546,-0.0634841308141428,-0.0636400212637223,-0.0637133757162424,-0.0637497776211496,-0.0636655384775919,-0.0637336327507449,-0.0638704192523374,-0.0640827885853476,-0.0641657971459002,-0.0642188239750291,-0.0642775645117636,-0.0646117174548366,-0.0650262115557385,-0.0646713284288716,-0.0642800753974963,-0.0640535720330939,-0.0638010013280265,-0.0637522900712987,-0.0637335529093145,-0.063706879797289,-0.0637007610365785,-0.0635436126108102,-0.0634574445578468,-0.0634567799006789,-0.0635507772142596,-0.0639828077359947,-0.064158233708068,-0.0642449266097269,-0.0643649608486772,-0.0644203253504574,-0.0644672148151723,-0.0645306095151149,-0.0645603266427423,-0.0646111984679309,-0.0648003323268073,-0.0650864342783182,-0.0654157984326559,-0.0656068035677339,-0.065788088014457,-0.0658343327895136,-0.0659090710461887,-0.0659740439291495,-0.0660429882108064,-0.0661443213587609,-0.0667087897235701,-0.0671515942794402,-0.0677533380073911,-0.0686022227064905,-0.0690216225027414,-0.0695291726021383,-0.0696223205650059,-0.069984203807724,-0.0701872584860904,-0.0703929988493241,-0.0706953281017729,-0.070943213747654,-0.071109946088177,-0.0713349797152959,-0.0716077974293937,-0.072076895954484,-0.0722159720937809,-0.0723833852351975,-0.0724608680115878,-0.0725401287720243,-0.0726301338877578,-0.072708750902332,-0.0727640625003003,-0.0728617463571724,-0.0735861144484096,-0.0748935847951941,-0.0749277404003203,-0.0749702924946027,-0.0750484277439369,-0.0750933443131952,-0.0750286000039398,-0.0749442639811241,-0.0747957259065647,-0.0744907513290357,-0.0743270910245674,-0.0741661834454931,-0.0739848055474314,-0.0739304315367128,-0.0739356493318978,-0.0739544877074705,-0.0740022645879674,-0.0740486417605443,-0.074095018916903,-0.0741414716240365,-0.0741879998763931,-0.0742389538817298,-0.0742899456359079,-0.0743410129153667,-0.0743892052054014,-0.0744374730147285,-0.0744857785609333,-0.0745326465913982,-0.0745546242300664,-0.0745825028522684,-0.0746118189317125,-0.0746396975219562,-0.0746675760964114,-0.0746940549555781,-0.0747219712700869,-0.0747470503969416,-0.0747735669780565,-0.074797208601813,-0.0748208879799709,-0.0748446051110674,-0.0748668847562276,-0.0748863272172978,-0.074893778935654,-0.0749132591439735,-0.0749327393363847,-0.0749493445805205,-0.074965987577779,-0.0749811930957131,-0.0749963986005064,-0.075008766930435,-0.07502113524909,-0.075033503556474,-0.0750429969288797,-0.0754550468419184,-0.0754565220415361,-0.0756648122949164,-0.0765987608919415,-0.0776031908526035,-0.0780424287791363,-0.0782388456395773,-0.0783067237968765,-0.0791609333273337,-0.0791975500004482,-0.0792228942259612,-0.0792555060306174,-0.0792690880220753,-0.0792617243026313,-0.0791498725630449,-0.0789308926627323,-0.0794651482853821,-0.0795159189868912,-0.0796298318661041,-0.0798288686933545,-0.07985629752438,-0.0800773684175798,-0.0803434169897717,-0.0808519118866049,-0.0808969591287436,-0.0811585421920842,-0.0816945482574275,-0.0817265621244566,-0.0817794448168125,-0.0820318096750869,-0.0828437769747725,-0.0834389353396013,-0.0834766833972043,-0.0834953204861383,-0.0835111353768931,-0.0835369659417258,-0.0835855386706141,-0.0836183955943412,-0.0836317237734448,-0.0836831665506885,-0.0838627587636848,-0.0840788454897497,-0.0843723902865001,-0.0846522792419742,-0.084955258032014,-0.0851727123874748,-0.0852507817952168,-0.0852617560662454,-0.0854381514165939,-0.0857947484327235,-0.0859043120813636,-0.085991599286027,-0.0860401106320127,-0.0860740588964802,-0.0860923820133391,-0.0861005672503296,-0.0860986896810659,-0.0860665215240595,-0.0859453211509348,-0.0858874372061276,-0.0858563408143665,-0.0858687259179832,-0.0858904875510219,-0.0859168623493054,-0.0859971510839545,-0.0860455025418357,-0.0861213555364493,-0.0866133848147125,-0.0872577249751485,-0.0876807568947271,-0.0878738409981819,-0.0881149531044068,-0.0882261339818956,-0.0883196140646263,-0.0884971370860261,-0.0888910059982563,-0.0893087716693844,-0.0895930476435753,-0.0900233120684781,-0.0902254332143741,-0.0904647872654138,-0.0905778370374286,-0.0906654019874723,-0.0909813439119362,-0.0911946296091531,-0.0914889791340815,-0.0917263598700368,-0.0918379222241825,-0.0918980808233454,-0.0919894908791749,-0.0920401011941158,-0.0922584223039,-0.0925404975299914,-0.0927679966850386,-0.0928745131757003,-0.0930026842035505,-0.093206695995834,-0.0933570520452688,-0.0936341132154877,-0.0937990397597614,-0.0940045637343108,-0.0941057388709957,-0.0945074150140546,-0.0949531018357642,-0.0950162370568107,-0.0950375597891429,-0.0950433085822126,-0.095017096373745,-0.0950131827949268,-0.0950250543923147,-0.09504008451223,-0.0950965917468412,-0.0951405711764687,-0.095251652472972,-0.0956977828041644,-0.0959035206901986,-0.0961080468773939,-0.097429907456029,-0.097958563115656,-0.098451457449247,-0.0988920973634439,-0.0992533625468289,-0.0993041508536991,-0.0993447224436567,-0.0994035088333959,-0.0994170155869637,-0.099427350284342,-0.0995648937906818,-0.09964555393108,-0.09972346696146,-0.099808683540341,-0.0998587817389451,-0.0999236730201163,-0.0999931776377308,-0.100068808441065,-0.1001476142623,-0.100205144650602,-0.100322240532102,-0.100760984341784,-0.100766310965807,-0.100792576239457,-0.10078923954874,-0.100802263621038,-0.100830922413783,-0.100877831540179,-0.100957917362107,-0.101132041690351,-0.101322660081619,-0.101340314102183,-0.101380517914753,-0.101425356614144,-0.1014571760995,-0.101474537969342,-0.101478955014478,-0.101468839693784,-0.10138748479303,-0.101335188613494,-0.101106088960169,-0.101060647912818,-0.101038816918812,-0.101034847931043,-0.101162717913169,-0.101118639871499,-0.101005807066658,-0.10093841598063,-0.100627648453566,-0.10004487902922,-0.0991175250084095,-0.0985913504025859,-0.097848936725316,-0.0976021978497242,-0.0972070722877583,-0.0965759929453036,-0.0962014601447046,-0.0958371617594443,-0.0956649090738962,-0.0955036731893316,-0.0952081568287627,-0.0951486128456053,-0.0951226615459069,-0.0950254124268761,-0.0948668631366539,-0.0947296329092198,-0.0945719628974304,-0.0941425734491183,-0.093650403610643,-0.0930942160572327,-0.0929383112076425,-0.0928400309874869,-0.0927585114361575,-0.0925519020649065,-0.0923277579504083,-0.0922118378358392,-0.091539165570828,-0.0911241995488632,-0.0909398247524394,-0.0906671562090707,-0.0901060546855581,-0.0900718902215393,-0.0900711653544129,-0.0900797108957687,-0.0900946118561343,-0.090136374203225,-0.0911462831738996,-0.0922653723477624,-0.0927176510412408,-0.0927401629361927,-0.0927819718339203,-0.0928490504994044,-0.0929288684510765,-0.0929465616748272,-0.0930244998512468,-0.0930310949395317,-0.0930802884450569,-0.0934869520590795,-0.0936237391186136,-0.0936632491155117,-0.0937270775084951,-0.0939992673298241,-0.094065184945073,-0.0941056830613472,-0.0942006935322806,-0.0943231924644651,-0.0944529229086342,-0.0947971482659646,-0.0950698926553567,-0.0959975000282025,-0.0971357628188549,-0.0989171233913251,-0.0991772221429038,-0.0992474334474209,-0.0993751360650362,-0.0995429098908314,-0.0997752893702828,-0.100368029436796,-0.100573444801043,-0.100619683547777,-0.100654260990389,-0.100682692442977,-0.100591397569127,-0.100337881317932,-0.100169880524097,-0.100111647754198,-0.099997740976233,-0.101511453065508,-0.10362194567469,-0.10555431759098,-0.107203048506367,-0.107854291844197,-0.108068152901533,-0.108219433323344,-0.108245960180632,-0.108237786209294,-0.108214970868019,-0.108178395566074,-0.108085430623045,-0.105557089603563,-0.105006647314523,-0.104086010341361,-0.104046927654568,-0.104621119600515,-0.104640486552907,-0.104623756311086,-0.104898594072733,-0.10515564216261,-0.105280783570095,-0.105326802752964,-0.105421903314004,-0.105634091348254,-0.106043785424585,-0.105904955448762,-0.105635780758837,-0.105663970716248,-0.106328661096587,-0.106823372783598,-0.107222609284364,-0.106926337015,-0.106615938990546,-0.106550188188595,-0.106357649718072,-0.107844529680475,-0.107991843755115,-0.108136714556622,-0.108281139575671,-0.108452541587564,-0.108121530597101,-0.105519911267549,-0.104711053563001,-0.10418850124072,-0.103803304252124,-0.10339300874218,-0.103260234612508,-0.103258608574527,-0.103159816116721,-0.103395991081152,-0.10315625592931,-0.103527460263388,-0.103405723630887,-0.103582932172555,-0.10371218810034,-0.103731670897859,-0.103883362891612,-0.103943131118745,-0.104105127695954,-0.10425736181815,-0.104400601497136,-0.104519085271602,-0.104699091394382,-0.104793933162109,-0.104886954160455,-0.104896248847506,-0.105337813426614,-0.105742098371294,-0.107159019799374,-0.109399474041069,-0.1105073955807,-0.110584358238957,-0.11066442329476,-0.11081359340432,-0.110957394970709,-0.110972915771445,-0.111442589512862,-0.110295109091069,-0.110303913665922,-0.11029541411803,-0.109516292974489,-0.10952016608596,-0.109470475554524,-0.109121121078204,-0.108353632044803,-0.10822802224583,-0.108188874403924,-0.107846543368885,-0.106825807325895,-0.106704050046637,-0.106527342844517,-0.105986633675907,-0.105947706082938,-0.106115551072437,-0.106086926292777,-0.106065016598483,-0.106050665746304,-0.106080850925115,-0.10613685599522,-0.106751587115696,-0.10745801285948,-0.106395616843142,-0.106518467116097,-0.106519907059012,-0.106599583456355,-0.106566499178206,-0.106545656312531,-0.106467163087679,-0.106434673905379,-0.106434584829859,-0.106465728355404,-0.106592704003045,-0.106596874979164,-0.107363630164876,-0.108175580065139,-0.108245002506987,-0.108290974950897,-0.108406410812298,-0.108424487434246,-0.108506405348497,-0.108593107544482,-0.108799719202591,-0.10886237549233,-0.108921568267822,-0.108924883868241],"lat":[51.5084407114991,51.5084492104179,51.5084979165889,51.5085278407012,51.5085411766563,51.5085642870904,51.5084640717746,51.5084709207114,51.5085915808617,51.5086114522174,51.5086092832665,51.5086199119103,51.5086199737635,51.5086184449565,51.5086174401823,51.5086252446401,51.5086234405714,51.5085333139125,51.5084746831063,51.5083870483464,51.5084129252293,51.5084749555304,51.5085243954498,51.5085337405194,51.508596504676,51.5086021681131,51.5085943155224,51.5085429980704,51.5084900251689,51.5084609559499,51.5084170126077,51.5083665035122,51.5083346408167,51.5083074183727,51.5083413098142,51.5083195121791,51.5082283739673,51.5081852487055,51.5081181074089,51.5080496815622,51.5080160999666,51.5079826586121,51.5079097891996,51.5076791722089,51.5075375885491,51.507348486397,51.5072404764323,51.5072111274029,51.5073039540343,51.5072585241218,51.5072068244369,51.5071075150602,51.5071423123268,51.5070429997824,51.506926011729,51.5068455322359,51.5067051248399,51.5066218867191,51.5066182059919,51.5066853540917,51.5068400459465,51.5070206812353,51.5069589202869,51.5068309933916,51.5068292496536,51.5068262551097,51.5068252650863,51.5068678130323,51.5068249510764,51.506791609791,51.5067551008644,51.5067289227389,51.5066612190683,51.5065649996623,51.5065310387859,51.5065051914665,51.506485034101,51.5064619713421,51.5063226725535,51.5063164191368,51.5062995656304,51.5062429730395,51.5062304990102,51.5061353076118,51.5060131927621,51.5059622742221,51.5058892960348,51.5058391672082,51.5056598858708,51.505568828091,51.5054829757269,51.505391209441,51.5054271624727,51.5050811158098,51.5049760330757,51.5048851271541,51.5048556862315,51.5045802078609,51.5045148969513,51.5043508358577,51.5043190537052,51.5042534116001,51.5042341405467,51.5041998759517,51.5039410739247,51.5038706970008,51.5037061040098,51.5035623427492,51.5035154471064,51.5035378652138,51.5034360567264,51.5031198932231,51.5031909073129,51.5030716913836,51.5025160326429,51.5020799272503,51.5019190999342,51.5015565969292,51.5014170029446,51.501335157476,51.5012598153532,51.5008353337524,51.5006868233237,51.5005350014446,51.5005120625738,51.5004630155869,51.5006155468904,51.5011438195089,51.5012591726483,51.5013577369706,51.5015285225523,51.5016281508821,51.5019622913638,51.5022104949835,51.5019610216056,51.5020074880428,51.501968554345,51.5019422764461,51.5018451136791,51.5014031074183,51.5013235560061,51.5012546547519,51.501455800336,51.5009588660669,51.5008015619153,51.5007592703139,51.5008342048174,51.5007298830913,51.5006154952739,51.500586225119,51.5006413696539,51.5007214375787,51.5007164672908,51.5007196710598,51.5006856603085,51.5007471182046,51.5007282270232,51.5006822063409,51.5006968228017,51.5006939743856,51.5007018749068,51.5007049928665,51.5007316382204,51.5007774762316,51.5008368897692,51.5008565660734,51.5008769488851,51.5010305585027,51.5010314332689,51.5010655409583,51.5009627788736,51.5009830811117,51.5010075744665,51.5011046345994,51.5011825433465,51.5011550116547,51.5014546665207,51.5014145927389,51.5016274721351,51.5016628052347,51.5018582028495,51.5018879823423,51.501900529913,51.5019041628683,51.5019027146699,51.5018283820955,51.5018446819395,51.5019014866066,51.501997090317,51.5020605674773,51.5021408115094,51.5022890428951,51.5024061926242,51.5027334163055,51.5027333923779,51.5028807637164,51.5030508367327,51.5032106651698,51.5035411147103,51.5037228194517,51.5040380968784,51.5042309520798,51.5045155906505,51.5043672101854,51.5042264376446,51.5041437761332,51.5041328009142,51.5041099278822,51.5040814713624,51.5040817586008,51.5041320932734,51.5042033002506,51.5043173657275,51.5045645236727,51.504632232006,51.5046931466645,51.5047189670711,51.5047676243919,51.5050446378352,51.5051085722972,51.5053555335371,51.5053236854696,51.505123612946,51.5052017563977,51.5052961804767,51.5051033788681,51.5051722348719,51.5051810771463,51.5053704395957,51.5054274107047,51.5055728233984,51.5060149303869,51.5058185801925,51.5059923069471,51.5060473283995,51.5064236618151,51.5069205285419,51.5069564798205,51.5070488097919,51.507145132608,51.5072165274125,51.5074724568517,51.5074875624342,51.5074862481936,51.5074813628094,51.5074450243477,51.5074179578558,51.5073937808567,51.5072225197549,51.507169064058,51.5071300378818,51.5070950400152,51.5070811337208,51.507069875017,51.5071284432298,51.5070923016112,51.5070369225668,51.5069357675551,51.5068765803241,51.5066798319217,51.506534586522,51.5063827786904,51.5060819368772,51.5059641377958,51.5057725795926,51.5056561133313,51.5056104823141,51.5055649961657,51.5054647186128,51.5053931053001,51.5051691238519,51.504773245949,51.5046907515483,51.504602909627,51.5045840778232,51.5045227062958,51.5044614313797,51.5044459467611,51.504358756912,51.5043419978501,51.5043608640294,51.5043419543553,51.5043168945113,51.5042263953729,51.5041301275151,51.5040348501489,51.5039300503899,51.503686723688,51.5035810011492,51.5031463465974,51.5030835401629,51.5030493155564,51.5027920747353,51.5025784022873,51.5024176273347,51.5018104821101,51.5016720228516,51.501449383644,51.5011732381836,51.5010978027908,51.5001147172328,51.500101044666,51.5000803133659,51.4993375641606,51.4993118812737,51.4979472891525,51.4979340797941,51.4976798870464,51.4976577165012,51.4969478285265,51.4969318043903,51.4960324732175,51.4960078674887,51.495968685697,51.4959420603347,51.4959070957432,51.4958967711793,51.4958735037407,51.4958294715205,51.4957914881267,51.4957632929182,51.4956943510705,51.4957063088074,51.4957045890273,51.4956986176706,51.4956705722893,51.4956488847246,51.4956227765371,51.4954488555218,51.4950858335666,51.4947362907882,51.4946374187877,51.4944174317471,51.4943923187782,51.4943682734837,51.4943497164919,51.4943210523031,51.4942943682675,51.4942858305388,51.4942732929714,51.4942568953136,51.4942304679851,51.4941494717173,51.4941246295781,51.494102000369,51.4940954737951,51.4941093497517,51.4941214715816,51.4941716060722,51.4941827326649,51.4941846557307,51.4941791724889,51.4941628816639,51.4941386723208,51.4941211638644,51.4938392737959,51.4936973839706,51.4936188952883,51.4931651134331,51.4931156363106,51.4930699517766,51.4930554772886,51.4930268274957,51.4930074251821,51.4929307417494,51.492868947385,51.4930002850896,51.4929961782968,51.4926334420164,51.4922194797959,51.4922232116825,51.4922302657957,51.4922315739782,51.4922338771411,51.4922361802963,51.4922384834437,51.4922416852032,51.4922457855749,51.4922467323746,51.4922536972237,51.4922615365902,51.492271173184,51.4922817083852,51.4922922194864,51.4923045278161,51.4923158893409,51.4923281976485,51.4923422790989,51.4923563364534,51.4923712924183,51.4923862483735,51.4924020788551,51.4924677834784,51.4925566518598,51.4925768308786,51.4926016715564,51.4926265363047,51.492651401043,51.492675415309,51.4926976323226,51.4927207479444,51.4927420903914,51.4927625582822,51.4927672199233,51.4927839729327,51.4928007740849,51.4928166525296,51.4928325550393,51.492847582992,51.4928616882377,51.4928749189256,51.4928881736745,51.4929005057167,51.4929119872709,51.4929225461184,51.4929322304034,51.4929352151213,51.4929420350285,51.4929488789979,51.4929548002674,51.4929607455984,51.4929657922995,51.4929708389915,51.4929750111221,51.4929782605539,51.4929815099766,51.4929838607692,51.4929853369987,51.4929867891516,51.4929873426744,51.4929861230119,51.492984879274,51.492984245369,51.4929821029963,51.4929781874366,51.4929742237391,51.4929702840962,51.4929645472019,51.4929587862356,51.4929521266395,51.4929454670345,51.492829918978,51.4927997009999,51.4927944776531,51.4921630484587,51.491827899945,51.4910624200348,51.4902406702072,51.4900354230128,51.4900277250979,51.4900215361151,51.4901066222792,51.4901264055646,51.490142090245,51.4903623896179,51.4904418765615,51.4903771252066,51.4903318340361,51.4902351869014,51.4901621166045,51.4902194625298,51.4903663975252,51.4903416367326,51.4904720092832,51.4907445084389,51.4904459924315,51.4903696929976,51.4899856255527,51.4900420587978,51.4900211975269,51.4899452646818,51.48986430531,51.489747148073,51.4896174115649,51.4895501255911,51.4894384471075,51.489135486035,51.4883611583471,51.488334967566,51.488116764329,51.4880990920858,51.4880167163851,51.4879335137983,51.4878708574039,51.4879335672805,51.4879269046697,51.4878256382927,51.4877982665792,51.4878074067048,51.4878225386707,51.4878135623609,51.4877743492355,51.487711058484,51.4875620013241,51.4875522598373,51.4876338922406,51.4879352159699,51.4875174269574,51.4872817910724,51.4872180268759,51.4870777264581,51.4870259695083,51.4869843841802,51.4869688590547,51.4869629654288,51.4868673571408,51.4868406755124,51.4867344604243,51.4866790704455,51.4866013820453,51.4864703877203,51.4864490118393,51.486386681445,51.4863430549412,51.4862750459475,51.4861024852866,51.4860045108271,51.4859832974115,51.4859660990531,51.4858485125473,51.4857952339814,51.4855163243805,51.4852929677955,51.4852309197358,51.4852127465731,51.4852181528069,51.4851691488878,51.4851634608619,51.4848315942938,51.4846142120895,51.484608796415,51.4843959790376,51.484388703944,51.4843742492844,51.483580683255,51.4835680546458,51.4835674237079,51.4835664676917,51.4834661223153,51.4834573463942,51.4834078739794,51.4833845430569,51.4829191390695,51.4828023411362,51.4827484472654,51.4827458517673,51.4827443078265,51.482644368754,51.4826402532396,51.4824015762662,51.4819652485481,51.4817473116951,51.4814471549195,51.4810554666987,51.4810304484293,51.4810307163935,51.4810314238564,51.4809779839784,51.4809227468311,51.4808381416214,51.4807704192058,51.4805152507934,51.480489295357,51.4804789179515,51.4803816747637,51.4803617191115,51.4803567003132,51.4803081742886,51.4803171698898,51.4803423115018,51.4802730691949,51.4802451877677,51.4802371147626,51.4801616444713,51.4800772449096,51.4799655612014,51.4797918572896,51.4798004944242,51.4798110721445,51.4797861016055,51.4792576805839,51.4792247178705,51.4792074438014,51.4792055509978,51.4786057730448,51.4780085909345,51.4763016858139,51.4738397535641,51.4729331928316,51.4712104019167,51.4706091787045,51.4700801325446,51.4697571933805,51.4697014304485,51.4696139962116,51.4693377549483,51.4692140261987,51.4689546317002,51.4685710145286,51.468344041298,51.4677304241833,51.4675801648506,51.4674637665334,51.4673708415688,51.467365330213,51.4671226148999,51.46679360936,51.4667640128195,51.4666709212205,51.466637849624,51.4666011484,51.4665575653204,51.4664713178647,51.4664098566615,51.4663973846391,51.4663389299528,51.4662296744965,51.4660723961656,51.4658980902507,51.4656266770296,51.4652254512749,51.4651760392043,51.4650265077319,51.464908319919,51.4647312533201,51.4646085476562,51.464406091108,51.4642399274252,51.4639746620975,51.4635230798466,51.4629422623422,51.4626067844501,51.4622047839536,51.4618190915089,51.4613244010996,51.4609301300892,51.460595744263,51.4602811522376,51.4598315148916,51.4594072549623,51.4590953235874,51.4589807547788,51.4581580929665,51.4578981025653,51.4578103965685,51.4576806228286,51.4576806468074,51.4571744326806,51.4571221691886,51.4569630521805,51.4566612660637,51.4565769678035,51.4559313864576,51.4554924364144,51.4551642199099,51.455099860239,51.4550373216904,51.4549903095195,51.4538894256404,51.4531916769694,51.4531185829332,51.4526570605062,51.4524143883425,51.4517071444634,51.4513247659453,51.4512927048738,51.4512291196535,51.4510549660539,51.4509602501209,51.450643384825,51.4501912934271,51.449873048118,51.4499195268178,51.4499608641919,51.4500518019963,51.4500921996286,51.4501307980241,51.4501125912572,51.4500318164937,51.4498488412895,51.4495078806633,51.4488371071651,51.4487636251127,51.4487304649353,51.4487180599982,51.4487096403463,51.4487179364498,51.4487294841004,51.4487537558774,51.4488134325207,51.4489938382406,51.4491941099586,51.4494932702543,51.4499396963705,51.4503387565189,51.4499403236396,51.4495631219982,51.4495076034629,51.4493078645304,51.4489988240971,51.4484276343352,51.4481385709897,51.4477960871165,51.447535881599,51.4473520504179,51.4471931194788,51.4469576468356,51.4464487583206,51.4461837913699,51.4458528194034,51.4455580499574,51.4452623579589,51.4448090038613,51.4445377370796,51.4441534512234,51.443355307235,51.4428681288813,51.4425259681956,51.4420978265509,51.4419724004949,51.4419094281013,51.4418474493104,51.4415337264664,51.4411574808426,51.441008638123,51.4409032578997,51.4408491580606,51.4395401460636,51.438990786865,51.4382090118449,51.4379891493611,51.4379296964659,51.4377670302802,51.4376271190908,51.4375407781874,51.4374955691047,51.4372823846983,51.4372169376025,51.4371743051404,51.4370917560696,51.4370414119577,51.4369873307908,51.4368831630318,51.4367928274665,51.4366785609103,51.4362887027329,51.4359193297079,51.43541128319,51.4350790078811,51.434704306152,51.4346313291308,51.4345309448959,51.434457377584,51.4343919691962,51.4343091097597,51.433922742819,51.4336917392083,51.4334444695799,51.4329998331386,51.4328457740831,51.432682374212,51.4326569302694,51.4325702650183,51.4325313427822,51.4324969607602,51.4324578734375,51.4324475651971,51.4324512085051,51.4324710985307,51.4324836808855,51.4324815059519,51.4324586139495,51.4324119075396,51.4323826066394,51.4323452415,51.432291866135,51.432235605634,51.432186156031,51.4320870439981,51.4313516588395,51.4297490601947,51.4296551978742,51.4295326968186,51.4291796678253,51.4287955180309,51.4285561481659,51.4283722111994,51.4281071845614,51.4276282592912,51.4274493134904,51.4270680768875,51.4265237357112,51.4262089968115,51.4261533277976,51.4261500402996,51.4261427320018,51.4261345014131,51.4261262708059,51.4261162428812,51.4261044176389,51.4260899672875,51.4260746182641,51.4260574719188,51.4260402783158,51.4260212873932,51.4260013978006,51.4259814845719,51.4259719536596,51.425958922605,51.4259459151583,51.4259328840897,51.4259198530142,51.4259058996684,51.4258919699298,51.4258770943083,51.425862242294,51.4258473430486,51.4258315451483,51.4258148485931,51.4257981284213,51.4257804623724,51.4257742898796,51.425755725176,51.4257371604689,51.4257185485373,51.4256990379531,51.4256795037562,51.4256599695571,51.4256394894862,51.4256190094139,51.42559852934,51.4255780020459,51.4249804593358,51.4249795842896,51.4246781517752,51.4231952983085,51.4217108957348,51.4210121723649,51.4207186340177,51.4206091367607,51.4208182819367,51.4208368674811,51.4208498726442,51.4208953706468,51.4209144779208,51.4209871981437,51.4211850029972,51.4215707978361,51.4216928620287,51.4217512473026,51.4218817095502,51.422108889023,51.4221408128698,51.422048212711,51.4219806291575,51.4218594620816,51.4218485092207,51.422333901801,51.423307592975,51.4233674687778,51.4233755284858,51.423325702512,51.4231366518318,51.4230069991578,51.4229986237489,51.4231032437949,51.4234128511613,51.423689349313,51.4241442746833,51.424527900738,51.4247250586757,51.4250082704014,51.425391597638,51.4257278598775,51.4261382285314,51.4265312871155,51.4269570959407,51.4272610046567,51.4273549047939,51.4273676738437,51.4274838633296,51.4276596497162,51.4276884171499,51.4277339068011,51.4277778639078,51.4278260795251,51.4278695436353,51.4279146407323,51.4279595735069,51.4280408816589,51.4281872817401,51.4282987450126,51.4284232355052,51.4284710990119,51.4285011302757,51.4285240427242,51.4285649217199,51.4285783010699,51.4285876331423,51.4287242620282,51.4288651731174,51.4290006714468,51.4290964462825,51.4292478596134,51.4293413985321,51.4294454398531,51.4297073244399,51.4305419732414,51.4318041623016,51.4327836023129,51.4343679295929,51.4351445928934,51.4360981186371,51.436457868583,51.4366697234783,51.4374086713512,51.4378491885237,51.4383126075818,51.4386240216039,51.4387436417222,51.4388192601623,51.4389736234664,51.4391057401892,51.4395984946164,51.440322498223,51.4408369832835,51.4410779211494,51.4414208282636,51.4417739616028,51.441964353945,51.4422566253173,51.4424427576938,51.4426907000246,51.4428182423082,51.4434012018594,51.4443445813597,51.4445218634237,51.4446319203185,51.4447012571748,51.4448815835292,51.4450793582976,51.445209045427,51.4452974176793,51.4454611029744,51.4455454493195,51.4457118198803,51.4462649221739,51.4465083680161,51.4467463982053,51.4477669430884,51.4481361272053,51.4484309890868,51.4487366918479,51.4490824720616,51.4491417477348,51.449204454791,51.4493483909325,51.4494043642998,51.4495367236917,51.4498635879537,51.450000684447,51.4500999672569,51.4501966706075,51.4502379495516,51.4502695763461,51.4502940837651,51.4503096977922,51.4503181691149,51.4503191014799,51.450306610881,51.4503119214777,51.4503569709723,51.450660448433,51.4510183013821,51.4510859571719,51.451158362574,51.4512418547966,51.4513582579496,51.4515670099667,51.4517598421106,51.4517853074248,51.4518570003999,51.451955746333,51.4520560799239,51.4521579778885,51.4522596662065,51.4523647162235,51.4525216690228,51.4526026550121,51.4529208805709,51.4530100708503,51.4530852553517,51.4532155842652,51.453776098121,51.4538671090198,51.4540541266138,51.4541519539034,51.4543915188628,51.454768758596,51.4554020942286,51.4556984115118,51.4560370804857,51.4561553765739,51.4564151459301,51.4568797123064,51.4571631935137,51.4574081714419,51.457604110722,51.4578811624385,51.4583754525244,51.4584572172859,51.4584927661555,51.4586503555875,51.4588627031173,51.4590124484711,51.459169055564,51.4595937222896,51.4600047769236,51.4604318742517,51.460580414515,51.4606588502011,51.4607150768916,51.4608367131138,51.4610336017781,51.4611207425392,51.4619928708741,51.4625535502386,51.4628320175052,51.4632942948095,51.4657338490899,51.4660003736482,51.4660866910871,51.4661578720751,51.4662147683868,51.4663179646841,51.4676131634509,51.4690881834427,51.4697744848178,51.4698216126626,51.4699239094002,51.4701453197711,51.47075182146,51.4709490476284,51.4720150413975,51.4720295368535,51.4721274572327,51.4719056580878,51.4717675974287,51.4717178811781,51.4716029141915,51.4708762394752,51.4707801907646,51.4707412815706,51.4706726835596,51.4706009352195,51.4705284050227,51.4703532474712,51.470200308365,51.469880850578,51.4706924786734,51.471933580318,51.4721886912187,51.4722662666638,51.4726235449547,51.4730561112497,51.4734240782876,51.473991224903,51.4742112746263,51.4742767704482,51.4743456743893,51.4744585425299,51.4747843944652,51.4762766567624,51.4766462285461,51.4767307147164,51.4768727506239,51.4775267518895,51.4783414624043,51.479146961825,51.4798480327598,51.4801193288296,51.4802064107969,51.4802744975379,51.4802947092123,51.4803530291657,51.4803823366114,51.480396134646,51.480415317648,51.4807135162815,51.4807900513685,51.4809028639439,51.4809076275622,51.4814393801073,51.4814585776044,51.4815842034551,51.4818332441989,51.4820945864213,51.4820984071315,51.4821000499927,51.4822032028865,51.4824350428954,51.4826970505754,51.4827802376843,51.4829503455346,51.482965189098,51.4832951623668,51.483521670582,51.4836540119241,51.4840610895701,51.4845308864821,51.4846925905776,51.4848900160455,51.4855048311731,51.4855647607247,51.4856489306401,51.4857438842786,51.4858482654888,51.4861549680086,51.4887693736197,51.4895521465094,51.4900301981615,51.4904610094687,51.490871629915,51.4910511325159,51.4910556025052,51.4911799006381,51.4913204078911,51.4914739004137,51.4916930284119,51.4917800861051,51.4918836689267,51.4919972671453,51.4920137688372,51.4919685610311,51.4919515422729,51.4922482187509,51.4925024720469,51.4927305012599,51.4929302531488,51.4930707490032,51.4933195776455,51.4935081265191,51.4935271611335,51.4936134308592,51.4936954996991,51.4941626120676,51.4949559282866,51.4953721554995,51.4953922799127,51.4954070587184,51.4954229507544,51.4954990063073,51.4955765923826,51.4964474432471,51.496777869821,51.4968436574153,51.4968749944281,51.4983650945218,51.4983759480334,51.498497445846,51.4991060054832,51.5003480906476,51.5004935424916,51.5005342767682,51.5007985308127,51.5015787984448,51.5016658592178,51.5015838717798,51.502010380516,51.5020457220739,51.5021329627974,51.5021630752432,51.5022049864567,51.5022730981663,51.5024138695951,51.5025226847534,51.5022223669249,51.503012524634,51.5033712645254,51.5036403270612,51.5036403503096,51.5040472010799,51.5042543950409,51.5043053161161,51.5044955903041,51.504688405735,51.5048295874517,51.5049820645071,51.5052907607269,51.5052944250877,51.5070639465731,51.5069088859945,51.5070071253768,51.5071148782822,51.5074242854496,51.5074749352899,51.5077586225888,51.5077528268325,51.5077049011519,51.508071009038,51.5084163781536,51.5084407114991]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0324128719994269,-0.0324011930050357,-0.0323600805613596,-0.0322068699510436,-0.0321839766956363,-0.0322892488360697,-0.0322831346486498,-0.0322309785220107,-0.0321274638419434,-0.0320263179933056,-0.031835940068215,-0.0316718154093144,-0.0315368914298684,-0.0310421394644653,-0.030648714436613,-0.0304523471742056,-0.0303350611350461,-0.0301237285556351,-0.0301099539234472,-0.0297737238835819,-0.0294453102649563,-0.0293409908982191,-0.0292989654037186,-0.0292313019537886,-0.0291880366640486,-0.0287887592058619,-0.0288516167379015,-0.0282264158135298,-0.0280132482663547,-0.0274176078712739,-0.02680140076737,-0.0264908374095906,-0.0263546364797734,-0.0260002297961062,-0.0256261803286956,-0.0248613273809012,-0.0249073362793187,-0.0248830622718481,-0.024847351506038,-0.0250298114384544,-0.0252012985450697,-0.0252072082312125,-0.0252222333300948,-0.0252896596555573,-0.0252959876837259,-0.0255780902991585,-0.0257391631772635,-0.0258191377097027,-0.0258829925134019,-0.0259521413551235,-0.026065125192995,-0.0263683764539135,-0.026408704876031,-0.0247198681711953,-0.0231612732011441,-0.0231207626681146,-0.0230709522800102,-0.0225235072038224,-0.020367433745228,-0.0204180309005636,-0.020014681004047,-0.01893472633835,-0.0187277581116582,-0.0185837634113886,-0.0184009114557492,-0.0181613892413801,-0.0178753075987566,-0.0176446281667056,-0.0171165672380599,-0.017203430951347,-0.0173576965874433,-0.0174449434961535,-0.0190744448590582,-0.0191362132560537,-0.0191733218499281,-0.0192052968618931,-0.0192126107242759,-0.0191983034888481,-0.0193448310418022,-0.0192039176203872,-0.0194443225127163,-0.0194006456892708,-0.0194424266659154,-0.0196373616215662,-0.0198289503003351,-0.0198265801757289,-0.0195719834755467,-0.0195362794887329,-0.0194808958265305,-0.0194569768327208,-0.019387637538063,-0.0193059258260858,-0.019307727677778,-0.0193391556751917,-0.0193750161534946,-0.019446930330868,-0.0198087530822587,-0.020023401752829,-0.0206175722646229,-0.0207856669692589,-0.0208216038442861,-0.0208472730447052,-0.0209967371781085,-0.0209571450914412,-0.0209762413554389,-0.0210229510307613,-0.0210924513725121,-0.0211378384807322,-0.0212789000482551,-0.0214011378532069,-0.0214805943272655,-0.0216374849688739,-0.0226509641948077,-0.0226992694844643,-0.0228141138922539,-0.0224139931024425,-0.0221762494738503,-0.0219724185000005,-0.0217239392025612,-0.021513651089622,-0.0213109854590796,-0.0209600245005176,-0.0209223381528101,-0.020843078170602,-0.0208619020084484,-0.0209062388940827,-0.0209647321874472,-0.0210344649904471,-0.0210638281604975,-0.0211020197030454,-0.0211777804449914,-0.0212545523223641,-0.0222433691067956,-0.0223980375992196,-0.0224757028780422,-0.022549751676312,-0.0227636148316941,-0.0227676197216116,-0.0228872093137256,-0.022924581348052,-0.0229185120009982,-0.022930602743089,-0.0228305617640013,-0.0228016975064203,-0.0228032117317224,-0.0228110609181191,-0.0226459705909801,-0.022611624725727,-0.0226178856803715,-0.0226727174694333,-0.0225065002190811,-0.0224494518637997,-0.0223414924383319,-0.0221884975178143,-0.0221015773494973,-0.0220320411399307,-0.0218850350674613,-0.0218708400819512,-0.0217724102481319,-0.0215776859923285,-0.0216450041337629,-0.0214631925262071,-0.0212345577965661,-0.0211411440543859,-0.0210523194822924,-0.0209345222387163,-0.0208366757982465,-0.0207965806887384,-0.0207679581034865,-0.0207507302193234,-0.0207361859703979,-0.0206656414203448,-0.0206476357333677,-0.0206208798986052,-0.0205537956897385,-0.0203275366459883,-0.020225918708385,-0.020118040093999,-0.0200506845156283,-0.0200045632354483,-0.0199900193362078,-0.0199784707969347,-0.0199831003849585,-0.020006124340428,-0.0200417091936856,-0.020082699356708,-0.0201560064956726,-0.020337271259174,-0.0203277442374314,-0.0202997068215299,-0.020245108883995,-0.0201452057193089,-0.0201100119564867,-0.0200519907631574,-0.0199992971242298,-0.0198933651826222,-0.019398625013485,-0.0193454657639608,-0.0193192170123857,-0.0192852692193026,-0.0191530292098378,-0.0191100679879703,-0.019023313293334,-0.0188842872196801,-0.0188275930478736,-0.0189586072085558,-0.0189819011907323,-0.0189452384962977,-0.0187925336277823,-0.0186717157493988,-0.0189375549054781,-0.0190317359990129,-0.0190903790467814,-0.0191999648277918,-0.0192726858662177,-0.0191668449662018,-0.0190209491944155,-0.0190181883492471,-0.019118015368569,-0.0187006171517397,-0.0184734480150634,-0.0182004312568594,-0.0178871660052325,-0.017743910022097,-0.0175090000533323,-0.0172738566324334,-0.0171616366371062,-0.0171617145596378,-0.0171404862053621,-0.017113892372567,-0.0169494210089813,-0.0165589895723336,-0.0164673915729687,-0.0164164173964353,-0.0162696759909685,-0.015904495248643,-0.0158067059916341,-0.0155598011082638,-0.0154562188398468,-0.0153012359785024,-0.0150902208456616,-0.0150267210983691,-0.0146525811787033,-0.0144938801605986,-0.0141080746418663,-0.0134761382658151,-0.0131289768663874,-0.0134740157615136,-0.0137168549262372,-0.0138409606620017,-0.0140467463725236,-0.014097055531342,-0.0144229251895495,-0.0148607368880848,-0.0151845092298001,-0.0147546224738431,-0.0145344323988692,-0.0145286379194005,-0.014540974018883,-0.014542954381867,-0.0142576128314974,-0.0140695227898728,-0.0136714068702524,-0.0133632294773132,-0.0131439398851695,-0.012874016458621,-0.0125188480036505,-0.0116787257134317,-0.0103223650771764,-0.0100780519983922,-0.00907176844761832,-0.00889587213305768,-0.00861442832259595,-0.00814348183745376,-0.0073628232088518,-0.00695462194576492,-0.0066892909669118,-0.00563043913890807,-0.00359806928841247,-0.00234966293810762,-0.00149654280764248,-0.00132439119257437,-0.00119221328402646,-0.000983579930577973,-0.000359103918585913,-5.72091177417772e-06,0.000365675363044042,0.000877977602548187,0.00163626299511446,0.00284280072286571,0.00375903128692758,0.00454478351805742,0.00541158796612332,0.00748967029111151,0.00921879267861346,0.0101483341472055,0.0120888979491085,0.0135636251193125,0.0143568054169076,0.0152510675279308,0.0170401577459715,0.0180411475307085,0.0181236009675934,0.017780554148426,0.01655269249871,0.0161948038577966,0.0160291070992007,0.0149849011726023,0.0149531548802695,0.0149952001724695,0.0150789979367915,0.0152127979152547,0.0153575389168242,0.0155158082572472,0.0158930733111621,0.0161437983572912,0.0161961076235313,0.01619923543711,0.0162055702898254,0.0162912359465811,0.0163474003049262,0.0164638866129073,0.0166055666355097,0.0166942642069184,0.016623143122152,0.0166119991033946,0.0165329810554891,0.0163305361017028,0.0161118753629056,0.0160417996451626,0.0160303292409623,0.0159601472744213,0.0158498258283891,0.0158314260769608,0.0155282055888779,0.0152629590410805,0.014987270318406,0.0145451974714295,0.0143584600792347,0.0140251257173851,0.0137560211204445,0.0135875657065924,0.0134968832890945,0.0134860707662861,0.0134811069376531,0.0129924662823368,0.0126017028123875,0.0128898408072729,0.0130134194464148,0.0130516520300416,0.0130689116435409,0.0130531053976542,0.0129767397394718,0.012779908556884,0.0126928402503471,0.0126668061869458,0.0126911662765738,0.0127648222656352,0.0130126438603261,0.0131414582300586,0.0132453792587668,0.0131535557293509,0.0129743041086662,0.0128374863686502,0.0127463355413571,0.0124830878948223,0.0120895370566521,0.0118085056463625,0.0115965790312327,0.0114594475766966,0.0113027283068729,0.0109134922020406,0.0107539357900061,0.0104848439120941,0.0099432309868878,0.00909709402704866,0.00911630549765582,0.00917418983221989,0.00913883845117989,0.00906781982062198,0.00898747742940513,0.00898806153698301,0.00901771597559405,0.00904892733817172,0.00912088924310533,0.00926910140043509,0.00927983828590255,0.00931015407815597,0.00938039473471476,0.00953272071120016,0.00961781417817812,0.00971959940163961,0.00979562537510848,0.0098250300605555,0.00984393045688609,0.00982325250557565,0.00980468460074726,0.00976486022685449,0.00974710482514453,0.00982377400747538,0.00986709054311743,0.00990348335547574,0.00994738894905061,0.0101138498282211,0.0103110232406768,0.0104429462798172,0.0106451970276788,0.0107961487130392,0.0109988119795505,0.0112336697259957,0.0112567791107986,0.0113753998430628,0.0114149004109835,0.0114815880608892,0.0114853194920965,0.0114838344007282,0.0114846406671676,0.0115161193853953,0.0115189566021966,0.011700380189353,0.0119152174376506,0.0122885014773183,0.012606675681277,0.0129790702089518,0.0131602917250542,0.0135285903706087,0.0140305875374421,0.0141972504425816,0.0143952397915083,0.014813266948828,0.0153161931266923,0.0160243348493662,0.0174796500853742,0.0175138921013844,0.0174728314236796,0.0174522713658778,0.0174285970333727,0.0174381463376,0.0174386733695442,0.0174625778566609,0.0174783832958304,0.0174951119061184,0.0175022598802879,0.0175075614134564,0.0176039931965189,0.0177035936917018,0.0178589239959756,0.0179280859014609,0.0180101007548854,0.0180415555413656,0.0183304580039625,0.0183315791351841,0.0192890581675099,0.019535902459459,0.0196396474093886,0.0197106467340929,0.0197448270234822,0.019871629866504,0.0198383933188618,0.0151227125932826,0.0150091306894085,0.0148759486003468,0.0150637514206382,0.0172939381145907,0.0179854379865448,0.0191655399861637,0.0204671609052182,0.021567308843955,0.0219275696907627,0.0221314061664062,0.0221405684636983,0.0221792733506473,0.0221967552271722,0.0222937948679642,0.022401685921474,0.022459473230041,0.0226786787587816,0.0228201046199282,0.0229423975260055,0.0227510733548376,0.021531872166133,0.0212100167753961,0.0212339533340949,0.021262210849074,0.0212630800944214,0.0214210744168901,0.0214964699149955,0.0214833694398462,0.0205968158023713,0.0210981811751772,0.0214828622706499,0.0215539644313345,0.0220743668893495,0.0227761179473422,0.0232590955257821,0.0236384857392285,0.0241737697743997,0.024417542749757,0.0246729772255999,0.0250043407731246,0.0254161851266832,0.0262178588721715,0.0266622086872959,0.0268524118362081,0.0272811029660926,0.0277674675187697,0.028215959700091,0.0285632791030445,0.0286487508233659,0.0288805232483595,0.028895061308463,0.0293589657507601,0.0293447140860753,0.029082562680076,0.0290857292020384,0.0289701145875287,0.0288830229326472,0.0288209811240588,0.0286989570506903,0.0285768105381999,0.0285709747382141,0.0287253603035975,0.0288758592659112,0.0288658155730716,0.0288175132354836,0.0288137115687,0.0286891461118239,0.0259892667508177,0.0259681250140162,0.0247907927110484,0.0247627739227682,0.0247841914708855,0.0248715353260903,0.0248893029279612,0.0249302235936341,0.0250289265918251,0.0251261425387008,0.025289065878042,0.0252855545026453,0.0252692763734571,0.0253759323379871,0.0255002032435892,0.0257446786673127,0.0262715167467248,0.027240267236245,0.0276530513537157,0.0276904320046544,0.0277013020761757,0.0279927603328785,0.0285265595941309,0.0286424569114584,0.0286739671319808,0.0286778423047687,0.0288677635941254,0.0289682178353281,0.0290238238276773,0.0290656853077351,0.0290334174126242,0.0289164673728985,0.0286035259286359,0.0285843191144886,0.0291078510411454,0.0296074949846847,0.0298973110111908,0.0298618522336126,0.0300536664022301,0.0301676462098827,0.0302734348795226,0.0305018213310958,0.0311183783762219,0.0313576270485079,0.0313815877225655,0.0310468620489694,0.0311475803448244,0.0313502230376774,0.0314300423214811,0.0315315826883282,0.0315876836233227,0.0321589363937722,0.0322184512028003,0.032451709677472,0.033223668960353,0.0337005200065479,0.0346459913393774,0.0372093908890649,0.0376692350104944,0.0376985069935347,0.0376272000074704,0.0375903330991619,0.0375517816807752,0.0375506203491894,0.0375389979636507,0.037487476215557,0.0374855917843755,0.0375178801451013,0.0375041336468682,0.0376031175376159,0.0375217716543695,0.0376125659266775,0.037651933686956,0.0377191304466148,0.0378040032654298,0.0378141819426419,0.0378324639071784,0.0379193804255939,0.0380155610013497,0.0381703362125834,0.0381128745861748,0.0381195021521784,0.0382214280162324,0.0382978383493643,0.0382759028030057,0.0383321889397464,0.0382660244631908,0.0381661191860332,0.0378310665395446,0.0378359366644917,0.0378572085840407,0.0378758951382971,0.0384638027052398,0.0384366211343408,0.0385706241135235,0.0386132138567517,0.0386620452093174,0.0387726444327039,0.0388192576511109,0.0388267915979229,0.038940824529665,0.0389430592641094,0.0390048739784385,0.0390215541788999,0.0390326476038912,0.0390452528951355,0.0390394043901449,0.0390291531087286,0.0390286249719404,0.0388245234833565,0.0386661342604485,0.037468740571851,0.0361858840503281,0.0349606106325834,0.0345659509060554,0.0343368573214963,0.0340010795170758,0.0337641159442592,0.0335174105285639,0.0332408785898943,0.0328943141374968,0.0325064193316352,0.0323354909501194,0.032161527874386,0.0314684921748056,0.0312118704409228,0.0307805648703865,0.030292836411125,0.0300845250433333,0.0299480820546236,0.0295803464274439,0.0291207784222704,0.028442861576643,0.0272141118680528,0.0269094226809871,0.0260611473721894,0.025410480178492,0.0253398517557983,0.0250808553209715,0.0244594163443919,0.0242058492431661,0.0240032617363199,0.0237180724641731,0.0237072241818102,0.0234788995690901,0.0231933812300796,0.0229482071844982,0.0225283984176749,0.0222645407239165,0.021893420468078,0.0216708945217731,0.0215138374506583,0.02153789630673,0.0214732615422903,0.0211352786264757,0.0210424115156016,0.0209126077613298,0.0209054603212984,0.020201778034831,0.019962550159285,0.0196898933676542,0.0194948899248791,0.0187751751175989,0.0185877668453898,0.0183408701139374,0.0181403950001912,0.0178938036433278,0.0176466582308318,0.0174356986561623,0.0172151652161639,0.01688617930797,0.0161274643307071,0.0160480646387274,0.015673641769256,0.0149815791639521,0.0145668416723824,0.0144936526568929,0.0141075195584468,0.0142605307541218,0.0143954657130226,0.0135129944479125,0.0133448100201046,0.0122262522728508,0.0122247754553098,0.0118133668493348,0.0116181906678553,0.0112617445849859,0.0109860832833284,0.010690155791762,0.0101478184499764,0.00996666852483571,0.00892814772175081,0.00866463130115571,0.00807671503571464,0.00784034082937348,0.0075019652847112,0.00734933960365103,0.00697057170793628,0.00684810875120334,0.00678619021061816,0.00672263797097754,0.00687081339667825,0.00673587308223655,0.00629778686167673,0.00612412349137128,0.00605334656401851,0.0060237381913314,0.00600610206132902,0.00595706454156812,0.00590141066650918,0.00584382690797287,0.00572499639029841,0.00561951328562905,0.00550692332338204,0.00522808502474571,0.00551492163842039,0.00537339323172204,0.00532874366718473,0.00546731817006421,0.00567197413270319,0.00555712128808527,0.00513885801554344,0.00349338123709569,0.00321357560321165,0.00172874704541813,0.00107644806722606,0.000848350016075435,0.00059970127641002,0.000517974800413111,0.000135344769499783,-7.72535043581219e-05,-0.000132638610677554,-0.000149074781236962,-0.000164073796473473,-0.000176198512972124,-0.000188362443806418,-0.000199128444448119,-0.000200683253199141,-0.000206980929401871,-0.000211802237780038,-0.000215186401076893,-0.000218570562573864,-0.000220556801626762,-0.000221105898080286,-0.00022161577300308,-0.000223602009347013,-0.000224111883191691,-0.000226098117614899,-0.000226647211349422,-0.000280104203313263,-0.000317522097531414,-0.000316673254148665,-0.000303075186996175,-0.000347171536825333,-0.000511382378503738,-0.00087511629910918,-0.000857688606132475,-0.000754050286261716,-0.000852282423714288,-0.00340404433316055,-0.00342701028198036,-0.0035983209669231,-0.00349268443678728,-0.0032839715353679,-0.00499381369933598,-0.00502043169258844,-0.00502679540562824,-0.00504920152940396,-0.00514740941447626,-0.00515352806150595,-0.00516239309101108,-0.00522552510301155,-0.00541605486599758,-0.00551154523793179,-0.00553417348993563,-0.00599948906912914,-0.00606432490271615,-0.00611148528253901,-0.00628937306500431,-0.00656510118030996,-0.00668184166218089,-0.00670352067256428,-0.0066930663805603,-0.00662734861080137,-0.00758494351224531,-0.00769206710748622,-0.00784704320923972,-0.00817917570236421,-0.00848601819581359,-0.00870493443908131,-0.0089235062276198,-0.00905223849536319,-0.00916431140109092,-0.00924298799351773,-0.0105454783280915,-0.0118455673427784,-0.0127906271891114,-0.0135131039958747,-0.0142626478157712,-0.014265623645696,-0.0142661261081258,-0.0143888549683206,-0.0143778148376895,-0.014558882426197,-0.0143097329792448,-0.0143079843715674,-0.0142748537407086,-0.0141524296786357,-0.0141520636798877,-0.0141526439756859,-0.0144261956227712,-0.0152238988870974,-0.0158463519206092,-0.0164625891955469,-0.0165691275860209,-0.016885518519486,-0.017364764598073,-0.01798721420444,-0.0179818923447398,-0.0178467436345292,-0.0202613569242868,-0.0203064127598768,-0.0203571394520766,-0.0204681862577231,-0.0205407408506594,-0.0205829210961373,-0.0205963986025692,-0.0206953645376397,-0.021040468085866,-0.0210404303829545,-0.0210416379562614,-0.0214604693222782,-0.0214949589289808,-0.0217186913441321,-0.021961301927623,-0.0221855415310758,-0.0217362872125255,-0.0225553267691694,-0.0219723210544819,-0.021634868806244,-0.0214790780177668,-0.0213843841401199,-0.0213086862414058,-0.0212657729116044,-0.021235765894043,-0.0212187156486105,-0.0211928867567797,-0.0210882841774718,-0.0210415186236232,-0.0210120375016239,-0.0209043643281027,-0.0208089262088153,-0.0207776183900128,-0.021039860863006,-0.0210989441864026,-0.0213395123980498,-0.0216066136089766,-0.0216747495587708,-0.0216333034403145,-0.0209596709531652,-0.020947823420995,-0.0213242413967161,-0.0221023398328191,-0.0222394702998152,-0.0222632836274842,-0.0223559650416928,-0.022394847610587,-0.0225521290923487,-0.0226061234297507,-0.0227182797838253,-0.0229332701714606,-0.0231134934696653,-0.0231571607256763,-0.0234611562304867,-0.0237065680605744,-0.0239266466811321,-0.0241882963424865,-0.0244274508227861,-0.0247702118166711,-0.0251154193041914,-0.0254883253849997,-0.0255981967684838,-0.0256657224163553,-0.0257489386675235,-0.0257714716766856,-0.0257777677161764,-0.0257968107813083,-0.0258190295964835,-0.0259998092105653,-0.0260153103614663,-0.026190057998781,-0.0268362928276796,-0.02704091863248,-0.0271793818009266,-0.0274237581042985,-0.027792149600839,-0.0277945214013482,-0.0278108145158527,-0.0278247686970358,-0.0278437373737711,-0.0278952514143081,-0.0284136469733677,-0.0294696492156213,-0.0296447578277428,-0.0297932904078553,-0.0301069488216598,-0.0302419971520229,-0.030299223730078,-0.0304250990839904,-0.0305996460549914,-0.0310216540909445,-0.0319974772108056,-0.0319426299293802,-0.031820069004904,-0.0323672067185549,-0.0329949928468872,-0.033129008417032,-0.0333736359711525,-0.0335872294855256,-0.0335868437162126,-0.0335879053963241,-0.0336624958595362,-0.0342390579987833,-0.03423828671301,-0.0342270854316046,-0.0342617761434418,-0.0344930731175562,-0.034884104207963,-0.0356106900605374,-0.0358740058959027,-0.0361572913661098,-0.0364972137167347,-0.0374854853434149,-0.0377576674561904,-0.0380854931193538,-0.0383105171282071,-0.0384762870922166,-0.0386173564360612,-0.0389634470139138,-0.0395373669816914,-0.0398104854168149,-0.0399208568307573,-0.0403156928569908,-0.040711052672594,-0.0410689325355507,-0.0411925170095151,-0.0413537648927697,-0.041666504134563,-0.0417124843115206,-0.0416077451242995,-0.0428367118290073,-0.0428717459938174,-0.0429426833497207,-0.0430151444152246,-0.0433194520827875,-0.0435546287261228,-0.0437791464945014,-0.0438254873655759,-0.0436908676593157,-0.0444295383322379,-0.0462885645575486,-0.0462658749106993,-0.0460187282843123,-0.046017060778081,-0.04601545089378,-0.0468909123798436,-0.0472419325767653,-0.047241741043834,-0.0472312399008371,-0.0485536993232029,-0.0487470702696256,-0.0491040483774693,-0.0493323745768283,-0.0497690782280753,-0.050007886102902,-0.0503809408367899,-0.050487741249916,-0.0507377565396668,-0.051253626474789,-0.051773808013889,-0.0517621199834054,-0.0517646459829437,-0.051809088811562,-0.0518650701794364,-0.0525310976455855,-0.0547803854929087,-0.0547883737822787,-0.0548914577821198,-0.0551547729307864,-0.0557920870999091,-0.0558077837189372,-0.0558307672430035,-0.05584007792043,-0.0563106681236242,-0.0564150353015394,-0.0564308463070896,-0.0565804465604972,-0.056735605672208,-0.0567887881616055,-0.0570143290737724,-0.0577478118452697,-0.0581251443440975,-0.0581218886629745,-0.0580806694341033,-0.0581302156914097,-0.0584303688563497,-0.0592751691203172,-0.0596039995653801,-0.0598748879621021,-0.0599854825682139,-0.0614231834588862,-0.0614932668573276,-0.0614846649707533,-0.0615741423075231,-0.0614453518547666,-0.0616381038341272,-0.0619776497030189,-0.0621660910337841,-0.0623273736789564,-0.0626034998785364,-0.0626189004951489,-0.0628132520364394,-0.0629215474053196,-0.0634623608938845,-0.0634607272447387,-0.0634894761127175,-0.0644291468267526,-0.0645320409425793,-0.0646043304584145,-0.0646626199149026,-0.0648702459237047,-0.0648746237887169,-0.064876663464033,-0.0650583455324878,-0.0650769184109055,-0.0652878430047069,-0.0655356858600688,-0.0658416674082923,-0.0660625753594492,-0.0667429465854755,-0.0669319654554128,-0.0674694762501272,-0.0679674254375625,-0.0680070300504866,-0.0679346961645666,-0.0679151372821519,-0.0682441250346695,-0.0686631080818064,-0.0686903821134829,-0.0687874549224155,-0.0688424620308989,-0.0688818930275111,-0.0692290702072388,-0.0696066995147906,-0.0702744724686309,-0.0703171045270898,-0.0703440758184399,-0.0703596987512783,-0.0704008555252474,-0.0704434497990537,-0.0704846066217371,-0.0705272009451635,-0.070571308477911,-0.0706140164085906,-0.0706596371667882,-0.0706653492259056,-0.070735331433373,-0.0708054272256118,-0.0708769983738088,-0.0709486452418806,-0.0709830312047965,-0.0710547159494027,-0.0711264385557546,-0.0711982368610636,-0.0713460702667367,-0.0715508354360197,-0.0719270394551334,-0.0722189996135898,-0.0723805270901891,-0.0727887713765035,-0.0730719921751957,-0.07339531086593,-0.0736517114888958,-0.0738127078269287,-0.0738589716913031,-0.0739067108122157,-0.0739356493318978,-0.0739304315367128,-0.0739848055474314,-0.0741661834454931,-0.0743270910245674,-0.0744907513290357,-0.0747957259065647,-0.0749442639811241,-0.0750286000039398,-0.0750933443131952,-0.0750484277439369,-0.0749702924946027,-0.0749277404003203,-0.0748935847951941,-0.0735861144484096,-0.0728617463571724,-0.0727640625003003,-0.072708750902332,-0.0726301338877578,-0.0725401287720243,-0.0724608680115878,-0.0723833852351975,-0.0722159720937809,-0.072076895954484,-0.0716077974293937,-0.0713349797152959,-0.071109946088177,-0.070943213747654,-0.0706953281017729,-0.0703929988493241,-0.0701872584860904,-0.069984203807724,-0.0696223205650059,-0.0695291726021383,-0.0690216225027414,-0.0686022227064905,-0.0677533380073911,-0.0671515942794402,-0.0667087897235701,-0.0661443213587609,-0.0660429882108064,-0.0659740439291495,-0.0659090710461887,-0.0658343327895136,-0.065788088014457,-0.0656068035677339,-0.0654157984326559,-0.0650864342783182,-0.0648003323268073,-0.0646111984679309,-0.0645603266427423,-0.0645306095151149,-0.0644672148151723,-0.0644203253504574,-0.0643649608486772,-0.0642449266097269,-0.064158233708068,-0.0639828077359947,-0.0635507772142596,-0.0634567799006789,-0.0634574445578468,-0.0635436126108102,-0.0637007610365785,-0.063706879797289,-0.0637335529093145,-0.0637522900712987,-0.0638010013280265,-0.0640535720330939,-0.0642800753974963,-0.0646713284288716,-0.0650262115557385,-0.0646117174548366,-0.0642775645117636,-0.0642188239750291,-0.0641657971459002,-0.0640827885853476,-0.0638704192523374,-0.0637336327507449,-0.0636655384775919,-0.0637497776211496,-0.0637133757162424,-0.0636400212637223,-0.0634841308141428,-0.0633651287033546,-0.0632447249422437,-0.0630839318185606,-0.062901464771905,-0.062569075879215,-0.0623432380130388,-0.0622199392777866,-0.0620797547640144,-0.0618269592924329,-0.0613835845986096,-0.0609726891245249,-0.0596776817965176,-0.0590615535876293,-0.0586875234700805,-0.0586189647560479,-0.0581006749022713,-0.0575613259477832,-0.0565434617661607,-0.0554355181402601,-0.0547487777129806,-0.0543312884776401,-0.054081343190032,-0.0540076036051668,-0.0539539465553027,-0.0539083836257832,-0.0537878448152509,-0.0536450073961008,-0.0535797164755799,-0.0534646104341701,-0.0530700256051657,-0.0509546346759246,-0.0499355371056182,-0.0493664416534309,-0.0490866665658559,-0.0487217649753316,-0.04823982944232,-0.0477579714428508,-0.0469414918353515,-0.0465114884891526,-0.0461507881265284,-0.0458752607174564,-0.0454831912892902,-0.0451789282123866,-0.0451964712532178,-0.0451242651737492,-0.0450006504362564,-0.0448740643456642,-0.044507982427779,-0.0438862063115039,-0.0436628148094154,-0.043189696041172,-0.0429893823439384,-0.0424456929522112,-0.041648675879561,-0.0418251477642915,-0.0419620921115342,-0.042100398294264,-0.0427455996056473,-0.0434522878966957,-0.0446323674444298,-0.0449958213687239,-0.0461603938139329,-0.0461032181260617,-0.0460016639346827,-0.0457813978350305,-0.0457799593899552,-0.0457427479421509,-0.0457174095242005,-0.0456156165409278,-0.0453357571257446,-0.0453035114371167,-0.0452426796109231,-0.0451770471803711,-0.04512328496918,-0.045114160617049,-0.0451056298100588,-0.0451290897318183,-0.0451885675392244,-0.0452368684045048,-0.0453463769837235,-0.0454572901389416,-0.0457204031873131,-0.0459991210725144,-0.0462138185378556,-0.0463636462999198,-0.0465867888939191,-0.0467730275416142,-0.0470375690748176,-0.0473305408223251,-0.047561708582314,-0.0477208465331278,-0.0485401979814378,-0.0482061191563365,-0.0486291612404655,-0.0490558122865472,-0.0494067681474365,-0.0496231161817146,-0.0496700958804346,-0.0499050330788112,-0.0502785697874518,-0.0505200295554414,-0.050888481097279,-0.0508222829406686,-0.0506340271449851,-0.0505751755077384,-0.0510002810433363,-0.0513196461773855,-0.0513266102244651,-0.0511282812127266,-0.0508814383165,-0.0509945369054817,-0.0514464025808392,-0.0516843797801224,-0.0520409515551983,-0.0522818735097796,-0.0521513384332843,-0.0517824915579838,-0.0516866166733845,-0.0516871207496379,-0.0518015101368531,-0.0519805548895314,-0.0521738080353587,-0.0527570407700278,-0.0527630744253158,-0.0527475093200252,-0.052699292258052,-0.0543285621615421,-0.0539473204406874,-0.0539530004528852,-0.0540185118811683,-0.0539998270327222,-0.0537080231938356,-0.0536954387962369,-0.0536541243539517,-0.0536213682954407,-0.0535218019155679,-0.053478161993343,-0.0534702478292754,-0.0535203209702636,-0.0535732638472234,-0.0535735169205681,-0.0535734491515254,-0.0534132193428898,-0.0533588755150366,-0.0533568091911449,-0.0533882794933146,-0.0535069649447489,-0.053514345944661,-0.0534894209215155,-0.0534278278993932,-0.0533060675833338,-0.0532686189780241,-0.0532189296970081,-0.0531877733437085,-0.0531566934538587,-0.0531682452106226,-0.0532604296442414,-0.0532507230157803,-0.0531188253693356,-0.0530527536041904,-0.0530175472881381,-0.0529744789124799,-0.0529427089817337,-0.0528114705324193,-0.0528187354491899,-0.0528575566372399,-0.0529597043741035,-0.0529559685457919,-0.0529495533342771,-0.0529786987831155,-0.052921534147532,-0.052922307376246,-0.0528009500090838,-0.0528326824957764,-0.0528902531118909,-0.0529824043813377,-0.0529847470341148,-0.0531180202217174,-0.0530137022762819,-0.0529644218628848,-0.053000006316441,-0.053001215946034,-0.0530409272411823,-0.0530973674088207,-0.0531691418265712,-0.0531958612950243,-0.0532493839686831,-0.0533148653948933,-0.0534231287634101,-0.053551889513163,-0.0535601768769731,-0.0531402049168991,-0.0531812877966295,-0.0530797300699865,-0.0529491940219821,-0.0529464607207172,-0.052940550036634,-0.0529203683954727,-0.0528940235493211,-0.0528567992104907,-0.0528443655520426,-0.0528805558539071,-0.0529017326674303,-0.0529339421701074,-0.0529942347054072,-0.0530305481515667,-0.0531561104779202,-0.0531861076360356,-0.0532545851097408,-0.0533219526531397,-0.0534061718232386,-0.0535154281407876,-0.0535645669101784,-0.0537288209688645,-0.0539775072559336,-0.052889862968115,-0.0526311862879402,-0.052622128758287,-0.0525005444236586,-0.052412862924674,-0.0521749634268724,-0.0521198449866822,-0.0517503026451615,-0.0513084841981151,-0.0511157415114141,-0.0507700434024619,-0.050738069966401,-0.0506442364707914,-0.0504643921379732,-0.0503845004887595,-0.0503089650995889,-0.0503442218803046,-0.0501087651461758,-0.0501695864249432,-0.0519587310682263,-0.051466140834449,-0.0511516775852039,-0.0508174990507022,-0.0503452504160159,-0.0496574634469883,-0.0497130681987174,-0.0493583486646747,-0.0492609454962062,-0.0492201398236527,-0.0475500521624245,-0.0475957693621637,-0.0465674553881514,-0.046566139140508,-0.0465673905348454,-0.0461644328441216,-0.045927271388187,-0.0458317699635167,-0.0455218198795633,-0.0451157873883516,-0.0451354574348735,-0.0447581570706375,-0.0447370694698301,-0.0445765170177732,-0.0445526997878397,-0.0444988076356961,-0.0427407306956685,-0.0423572954926337,-0.0422258811866002,-0.0425080684437328,-0.0403437766702011,-0.0410557121601089,-0.040070409203359,-0.0405633744023205,-0.0405530663800994,-0.0403702577611139,-0.0399662612845775,-0.0399342828212423,-0.0399023043487938,-0.0398703644149626,-0.0398369849229717,-0.0398036825209442,-0.0397718196639302,-0.0397370777003999,-0.0397038523839454,-0.0396879787756461,-0.0396547920072385,-0.0396201656866091,-0.0395870560217481,-0.0395539849119167,-0.0395194742539676,-0.0394864417042225,-0.0394534477140681,-0.0394204537288545,-0.0393860587558628,-0.0393531418971023,-0.0393202250458505,-0.0392873467612856,-0.0392559080346489,-0.0392230683278661,-0.039191668179801,-0.0391745092801416,-0.0391331479947705,-0.0390932648380807,-0.0390519807163834,-0.0390136142743198,-0.0389738468718505,-0.0389355190388399,-0.0388986693406106,-0.0388604186875652,-0.0388236461726279,-0.0387883132275287,-0.0387515793330585,-0.0387177245516686,-0.0387078406025489,-0.0386669424263213,-0.0386275224001525,-0.038589619096696,-0.0385516772583601,-0.0385138126049014,-0.0384788656425555,-0.0384439187181648,-0.0384104113684262,-0.0383867879246394,-0.0382350216555107,-0.0381240378221065,-0.0380915845034432,-0.0380576530949278,-0.0380237217087604,-0.0379897517611017,-0.0379543423060225,-0.0379174161744925,-0.0378833305324785,-0.0378464044396457,-0.0378094011923315,-0.0377709584357728,-0.0377324771084342,-0.0376939186185477,-0.0376538820262686,-0.0376510415653411,-0.0376209658916403,-0.0375908516319976,-0.0375606987846505,-0.0375305459405504,-0.0375003930996977,-0.0374759597680906,-0.0373768641237583,-0.0373150803555925,-0.0352387216093306,-0.0333273155477514,-0.0333040894353065,-0.0332477972770693,-0.0329109223829939,-0.0325503561272178,-0.0325812136090533,-0.0324128719994269],"lat":[51.4930554772886,51.4930256055403,51.4929098096239,51.4929216269544,51.4928511000165,51.4928150973832,51.4927898153313,51.4926963157001,51.4925911629739,51.4924644675162,51.4920682929368,51.4917984559867,51.4916199348892,51.4908994093723,51.4904018030082,51.4901116388238,51.4899585919606,51.4897149376804,51.4897003180062,51.4893466527675,51.4889454567147,51.4888258995792,51.4887649423936,51.4886972594278,51.4886650579109,51.4883040351485,51.4882493372497,51.4877163514429,51.4875491000169,51.4871326123698,51.4867256674518,51.4865792558451,51.4864978278491,51.4862994186785,51.4860889871823,51.4856894207427,51.4855580033332,51.4855530981109,51.4855462016976,51.4852902858554,51.4850215951754,51.4849848247126,51.4846370609899,51.4843432365857,51.4841967624392,51.4834344372386,51.4825729525534,51.4821885129631,51.4820439065834,51.4819434534524,51.4818284506856,51.4815763647436,51.4815095984274,51.4811969907373,51.4807372758365,51.4802419948829,51.4796287528176,51.4796995561231,51.479935651693,51.4802305670413,51.4803658410003,51.4807270907599,51.4807838447023,51.4808164829399,51.4808484643004,51.480858804319,51.4808800472752,51.4807196745003,51.4804094900369,51.4802994495581,51.4802292173669,51.4801767364537,51.4798292825804,51.4797664779963,51.4797077531258,51.4796345532048,51.4795987059804,51.4794635738374,51.4792061602523,51.4791678089759,51.478239327449,51.4782170071794,51.4779839028132,51.4779719079102,51.4780039203859,51.4779256438909,51.4779186459854,51.4779117480183,51.4778937263813,51.4778807325693,51.4776862182667,51.4776110977942,51.4773035779401,51.4772429585052,51.4772129891148,51.4771818302016,51.4771070072995,51.4771385096714,51.4767861363083,51.4766621769485,51.4766304098714,51.4766029658123,51.4764436201424,51.4763934920232,51.4763515486723,51.476303776513,51.476261784621,51.4762445652675,51.4762127737372,51.4762166351696,51.4762107818555,51.4762125299888,51.4759202778108,51.4759687537571,51.4758771664503,51.475805670901,51.4758754007679,51.4759268176267,51.4759783800686,51.4760126010581,51.4760370583439,51.476094083773,51.4760997425358,51.475834918554,51.4757992655097,51.4757397628336,51.4756858947121,51.4756385111605,51.475625517722,51.4756081769338,51.4755878731353,51.4755774783216,51.4755554936892,51.4754420968052,51.4754110330591,51.4753969943923,51.4753799179768,51.4753539066932,51.4753190533318,51.4752540368401,51.4751945826924,51.4750814785875,51.474730874914,51.4745325487956,51.4744642298232,51.4742827096788,51.4742709328183,51.4740994922816,51.4740879073666,51.4739854160754,51.4739664258459,51.474086865074,51.4740859433551,51.4740608808172,51.4740396305789,51.4740159757421,51.4739523452287,51.4739476093838,51.4740259836831,51.4739336702666,51.4738754543728,51.4738175309068,51.4737435293246,51.4737059819094,51.4736622169875,51.4735891862992,51.4735209886262,51.4734825424353,51.4734451891724,51.4734107260726,51.4733475316261,51.47321414797,51.4731976571274,51.4731837163677,51.4731699940073,51.4731742672464,51.4731599615862,51.4731239676255,51.4730832622818,51.4730177359324,51.4729878143928,51.4729219726213,51.4728483106333,51.4727821534518,51.4727252010941,51.4726764334406,51.4726129239062,51.4724172459627,51.4723712223053,51.4722871167327,51.4721845772455,51.4720974595456,51.4720788798193,51.4720554182307,51.472041938561,51.4720275597383,51.4720470804206,51.4720111108249,51.4719854878073,51.47193815222,51.4714673980409,51.471229264717,51.471137871821,51.4711894789254,51.4711021909146,51.4710693331866,51.4710634318896,51.4708793611569,51.4707481850378,51.4706454249907,51.4705249186193,51.4706110414512,51.470586852718,51.4705500355877,51.4705000057589,51.4702509181003,51.4700623039624,51.4700595595005,51.4699488373457,51.4697124701874,51.4696052147567,51.4695259605622,51.4694783990321,51.4694615886538,51.4694333363112,51.4694104751749,51.4693420312184,51.4693402339938,51.4692985084868,51.4692476995163,51.4690560707115,51.4692275218192,51.4690488156892,51.468995795525,51.4688602205361,51.4685491879494,51.4684800876072,51.4683302266473,51.4682619272201,51.468150491798,51.4680363089776,51.4680397302334,51.468233932629,51.4683076831326,51.4684720102783,51.4687670566889,51.4689365317918,51.4693794247605,51.4696560185151,51.4697822205324,51.47005009239,51.4701183899372,51.4706715655967,51.4713992957959,51.4717689822952,51.4718867025509,51.4719171461976,51.4719179473406,51.4721312835193,51.4721520002928,51.4725221638653,51.4726754512087,51.4724924498407,51.4723937040686,51.472370204101,51.4723521404454,51.4723407245745,51.472388529621,51.4725525676514,51.4726077731793,51.4727345729836,51.4727396793531,51.4727546832965,51.4727565752291,51.4726291023214,51.4725789988118,51.4725547040651,51.4724009069535,51.4721181180677,51.4719529698045,51.4718368127487,51.471822187566,51.4718154378181,51.4718118807097,51.471834504541,51.4718482607881,51.4718787948176,51.4719374982933,51.4720234747342,51.4721521489131,51.4722605930177,51.4723487790822,51.4724463648098,51.4726814822513,51.4728721844056,51.4729551709283,51.4731727807558,51.4733408063935,51.4734332956729,51.4735321356391,51.4737423752731,51.4738447534653,51.4738532262227,51.473715246704,51.4734315180969,51.4733486450151,51.4733137248298,51.4730798789139,51.4728169370429,51.4725293457962,51.4722743100708,51.4719123003766,51.4715698864688,51.4712731028039,51.4706200377167,51.4701669879978,51.4700797580085,51.4700527259619,51.470000459056,51.4699513242049,51.4699188836316,51.469850333792,51.4696347686058,51.4694911573873,51.4694456184519,51.4693235086924,51.4691315236536,51.4689812295218,51.4691162841922,51.4691597551886,51.4691608517105,51.4691692527472,51.4692143149399,51.469254199426,51.4693655271978,51.4694564173732,51.4695717668402,51.4697016653756,51.4697444420986,51.4697933340848,51.4698294313139,51.4698296268551,51.4698302850281,51.4698790315707,51.4698971023188,51.4698524361052,51.4698069869445,51.468796650857,51.4684312219233,51.4682857821631,51.4681218177365,51.4679916942546,51.46789228668,51.4677382930022,51.4676246805918,51.4674911355442,51.4673576246169,51.4672646340137,51.4670724305142,51.4669569099401,51.466831924677,51.4668065232346,51.4667574432151,51.466723821331,51.4667136957012,51.4666534671283,51.4664785686338,51.4663413061105,51.4662694035586,51.46622859126,51.4662007047069,51.4661237492643,51.466096809921,51.46606725248,51.4659956046915,51.4658743177687,51.4658200320387,51.4655645452223,51.4653169511792,51.4651095364615,51.4648537206243,51.4647359055847,51.4646571604755,51.4645810865013,51.464449458371,51.4640872081961,51.4640366647657,51.4638419017324,51.4636383608983,51.4632715434283,51.4630128920263,51.4627737384579,51.4625053503099,51.4622899193621,51.4620647764564,51.4617252048107,51.4614008846564,51.4611497702282,51.4608766948244,51.4602953475797,51.4598395713902,51.4595538769964,51.4593408951137,51.4590340856703,51.4586727927243,51.458464596121,51.4580879277794,51.4578542246315,51.4575198145187,51.4571974415388,51.4571664696575,51.4570160538191,51.4569650165821,51.4568775417755,51.4567659674711,51.4566994464974,51.4566850442395,51.4566152598046,51.4566143118435,51.4565500477969,51.4564600302581,51.4563070410091,51.4561774786433,51.4560370923041,51.45596833305,51.4558657849046,51.4557267660853,51.4556870321966,51.4556395655434,51.4555550435905,51.4554699598673,51.4553381795585,51.4550460566671,51.4550391724003,51.4547934770639,51.4547515648695,51.4547043106037,51.4545944344101,51.4545737419582,51.4544303454373,51.4543644261618,51.4542868003872,51.4541877568387,51.4541121262829,51.4538182013657,51.4535961640176,51.45326705249,51.4531381644873,51.4530396306161,51.4530022187224,51.4515898748756,51.4515826613479,51.4516884731948,51.4517049041042,51.4513488011027,51.4511964990698,51.4511230686027,51.4507350933078,51.4507320689043,51.4502269015877,51.450621838483,51.4506043436924,51.4500318726188,51.4495276872893,51.4494123678026,51.4492805352427,51.4491304092039,51.4490134196566,51.4489586449244,51.4487186183882,51.4486654028772,51.4485316418972,51.4484387145837,51.4482571846699,51.4481258270635,51.4480331035658,51.4476525232925,51.447433356524,51.4472046276999,51.4471413827951,51.4467775242446,51.4466913481251,51.4457017284022,51.4452336159651,51.4449925941461,51.4446598340689,51.4444445053303,51.4444411341459,51.4442109171529,51.4434091088538,51.4427352097786,51.4427159979137,51.4425739280149,51.442367575287,51.442192872566,51.4420838051661,51.4419531595513,51.4419012876361,51.4418528108932,51.4417967268615,51.4417383519206,51.4416444602538,51.4416053031556,51.4415786329606,51.4415433414031,51.4415106476479,51.4415325640524,51.4415769132338,51.4415898224362,51.4416244798278,51.4416278253004,51.4417052259568,51.4416434223387,51.4414752989506,51.4413844167849,51.4412758066615,51.4411289329146,51.4409303665114,51.4406770828705,51.4404534774851,51.4401918877838,51.4397467695268,51.4393763586122,51.4392146618982,51.4390338432425,51.4387857074951,51.4387671801312,51.4383651386203,51.4384401443608,51.4382374673338,51.4381570161086,51.437925531003,51.43755801486,51.437211484833,51.4370956699369,51.43682238185,51.4367757381254,51.436100260874,51.4360859330548,51.4360106747369,51.4356895869682,51.4357342020427,51.4359916676318,51.4361920932332,51.4365593343684,51.4365557910987,51.4365551444114,51.4365081937355,51.4364941582412,51.4364291653602,51.4364145694865,51.4364113262479,51.4364013670795,51.4359142662663,51.4354862679219,51.4350527508943,51.4346662343973,51.4343601379936,51.4342209753584,51.4340420395439,51.4340306813198,51.4337671220315,51.4335165639711,51.433368559049,51.4333475904074,51.4332282608157,51.4331381569026,51.43309046102,51.4330172598006,51.4327107126913,51.4325905588634,51.4325793521865,51.4322011597969,51.432104090445,51.4322939240727,51.4323743752923,51.4324904212437,51.4325550963998,51.4323626385755,51.4321152032825,51.4318926328472,51.4322353591993,51.431699206935,51.4320937692609,51.4331535593277,51.4333353141009,51.4333464958547,51.432907986268,51.4327584469718,51.4324740445081,51.4324156113066,51.4323807413263,51.4322251617821,51.4320858056812,51.4317767902885,51.4315971726603,51.4314614586332,51.4313792395248,51.4311888115875,51.4311035945304,51.4309648359021,51.4306090426377,51.4305468151137,51.4304403818119,51.4302275389331,51.4300289234159,51.4294983525346,51.4294678768995,51.4294551716766,51.4292240818346,51.4290015292064,51.4287995719146,51.4280279069584,51.4279957841976,51.4279489603656,51.4277902178521,51.4277703489306,51.4276018130132,51.4276014880842,51.4275912638007,51.4271744689266,51.4266946183903,51.426520315769,51.426518567058,51.4265148445284,51.4262370541759,51.4260831455546,51.4260919530992,51.4260775256762,51.425688858813,51.4255788559502,51.4255049216477,51.425368011153,51.4251396947488,51.4247801594535,51.4246713552581,51.4246749061842,51.4246389923525,51.4235581926697,51.4223655560515,51.4231152584533,51.4233945937295,51.4236126002813,51.4238900121669,51.4240928663185,51.424238334862,51.4243924138981,51.424556699929,51.4247945436662,51.4248649542004,51.4249318199696,51.4253602032857,51.4255094358776,51.4256769827794,51.4258697861882,51.4259732151774,51.4260753989811,51.4264441789031,51.4267533963944,51.4271671110513,51.4280714669773,51.4282404062523,51.4287388875968,51.4289893431191,51.4289536931262,51.4288223770453,51.4285300552674,51.4284238233804,51.4283643724865,51.4282586856601,51.4282085132009,51.428087455374,51.4278765569974,51.4277647818377,51.4276074588229,51.4274960046762,51.4273009687212,51.4271807066544,51.4271096747037,51.4270355186167,51.4270051586246,51.4268437214291,51.4268255387435,51.4268178850125,51.4268189075422,51.4269110755197,51.4269664580368,51.4270466967533,51.427028474372,51.4270507660558,51.4270090300215,51.4269557282584,51.4269438928278,51.4269301532442,51.4269038327436,51.4268499103899,51.4267745696969,51.4266210590106,51.4262474226469,51.4262083208739,51.4261662000026,51.4261628129872,51.4261852306613,51.4261891865694,51.4261751396951,51.4256311428619,51.4252322407148,51.4250855349479,51.4246954385696,51.4241840735835,51.4241831996593,51.4240517735028,51.4237017064076,51.423609802551,51.4234904322841,51.4232697903428,51.4226783742913,51.4224836394991,51.4228440723178,51.4229358194141,51.4230430169017,51.422474225096,51.4217767844122,51.4213792188572,51.4214666412681,51.4214948175641,51.4213618850428,51.4212244840593,51.4211922704553,51.4209355883287,51.4210150314955,51.4207608101625,51.4206882807023,51.4206033558607,51.4204633699585,51.4202960438468,51.4201746942775,51.4200749604503,51.4199232172816,51.4198135117606,51.4197057263279,51.4193157135462,51.4191327476036,51.4190209608667,51.4189866529525,51.4186695333349,51.4185149517084,51.4184539676574,51.4182300097577,51.4174047351337,51.4175839788809,51.4185580917362,51.4182769657082,51.4181585582334,51.4180306090667,51.4179375797874,51.4177714491121,51.4176455810702,51.4175628931714,51.4175487851718,51.417534652645,51.4175204710668,51.4175053908763,51.4174893875489,51.4174867162402,51.417474233783,51.4174626254122,51.4174509925171,51.4174393596218,51.4174268035912,51.4174142230365,51.4174025410928,51.4173899850621,51.4173783031184,51.4173657470875,51.4173531665326,51.4170510212523,51.4165561562395,51.4165426525483,51.4164587874307,51.4163381370163,51.4162662986442,51.4161043387268,51.4160752644509,51.4159125252109,51.4159025103776,51.4156609420237,51.4156289592178,51.4155590360778,51.4153099343589,51.4150500834887,51.4145899960194,51.4146722836564,51.414691276874,51.4147051475113,51.4147616754103,51.4148193334928,51.4149130095284,51.4149824294691,51.4152968234127,51.4154819017732,51.4157880420729,51.416034269665,51.4159985023768,51.4159723263958,51.4159825471479,51.4159917341433,51.415490123219,51.4151901325022,51.4149345591956,51.4146600602521,51.4144991870367,51.4144830227051,51.4144577796887,51.4143932815656,51.4143481368769,51.4142745189461,51.4141757149249,51.4140924705194,51.4139954537611,51.4138726897358,51.4135512842761,51.4135499671814,51.4135776876246,51.4135980304174,51.4136574964084,51.4137879423098,51.4138095335232,51.4138313972419,51.4139202388096,51.4139233066873,51.4149271770143,51.4149343416168,51.414935578788,51.4149397992271,51.4150809798251,51.415100773796,51.4150937184042,51.4150379870792,51.4150107579959,51.4149942117447,51.4149915185815,51.4149914774568,51.4150166728021,51.4150559789016,51.4150792701339,51.4157433496269,51.4159775106965,51.4159998545138,51.4160240926657,51.4160502490005,51.4160352875458,51.4159910361062,51.4159786738578,51.4159515685171,51.4160194469251,51.4160536188529,51.4161588547715,51.416351178008,51.4163184870156,51.4164661485219,51.416609631844,51.4167456103837,51.4172910833127,51.4175414164586,51.4178535189465,51.4181077139722,51.4182849394209,51.4184128366675,51.4186004068961,51.4188280988464,51.4193563674009,51.4194181296608,51.4194833408002,51.4196074733848,51.4196912157813,51.4197410774901,51.4198363811799,51.4199148051292,51.4199403554372,51.4200958626574,51.4201265364973,51.4202511016086,51.4203940996804,51.4204483072553,51.4204754852005,51.4209200451849,51.4209279386128,51.4211708044978,51.4216713473302,51.4217599922039,51.4217747825045,51.4216936130334,51.4216591973581,51.4215809163652,51.4215629425907,51.4216970286467,51.4219479568878,51.4221713199457,51.4222260131455,51.4225144127364,51.4227271836385,51.4228603905061,51.4230302688714,51.4231548036063,51.4232783862438,51.4233786279009,51.4234703424302,51.4235576247378,51.4236262080484,51.4236644802388,51.4236756511356,51.423696440552,51.4237552143031,51.4237403008823,51.4236174472807,51.4236249025838,51.4237087806573,51.4240002368382,51.4240918108617,51.4241498968618,51.4242871031378,51.4244839495586,51.42449568006,51.4245849825678,51.4246283826356,51.4246889533275,51.4246952158283,51.424916166909,51.4253799677005,51.4254557531056,51.4255140052454,51.4256460755392,51.4256834171169,51.4256906738363,51.4257071776971,51.4256957224871,51.4256497558507,51.4255366502451,51.4252731408125,51.4247108340091,51.4246984385344,51.4246837970003,51.4246446795161,51.4246424897793,51.4246595628878,51.4246685491685,51.4247108329224,51.4247156815166,51.4247550296646,51.4247730022327,51.4251010498091,51.4250971352952,51.4250704391858,51.4250086514994,51.4250046452476,51.4250027635138,51.4250048129115,51.4249943213863,51.4249928888484,51.4247168725307,51.4243842334933,51.42413440471,51.4239582236002,51.4239893613677,51.4240697927141,51.4242043937121,51.4242422352167,51.4242512753709,51.4243019425885,51.4243067542249,51.4242461903036,51.4241817096011,51.4240773908649,51.4238613955116,51.4238288906586,51.4236544797949,51.4232370629408,51.4232250581543,51.4233827164919,51.4234037105183,51.4232837923694,51.4231995896605,51.4231628701089,51.4231555501378,51.4229060026376,51.4227528640742,51.4223666061741,51.4226288159702,51.4226228970998,51.4227631560611,51.4228008987327,51.4228127938819,51.4228114489685,51.4228159421469,51.4228598315987,51.4228458883105,51.4228311224843,51.4227912024136,51.4227662262076,51.4227456165386,51.4227109214297,51.422664970054,51.4226226822627,51.4225611938936,51.4225391975768,51.4225172706647,51.4226906361447,51.4229694528966,51.4235816975655,51.4235844266795,51.4236170784278,51.4237272740591,51.4237085219138,51.4234827167581,51.4229385301226,51.4230714054517,51.4230743636621,51.4230072994643,51.4229912670042,51.422985583444,51.4229666310181,51.4229668932235,51.4229666762285,51.4229710475783,51.4229719293879,51.4230125389578,51.4231164226397,51.4231730345994,51.4231819733817,51.4232721169401,51.4232909233397,51.42340380893,51.4236983742824,51.4238135302405,51.4239043450184,51.4239421466542,51.4244686294288,51.4245120544308,51.4245793575563,51.4246743617921,51.4247945325857,51.4248624682405,51.4249966793595,51.4250645428525,51.4251283599391,51.4251976723817,51.4251736466236,51.4252038373469,51.4252281090891,51.4252631252425,51.4253017669325,51.4253022419554,51.4253276564086,51.4250712647166,51.4250625665094,51.4250788166791,51.4251353020606,51.4252019204398,51.4252217380914,51.4252454209891,51.4252484254343,51.4252609002213,51.4252847752488,51.4253284939258,51.4250704513742,51.4253433642397,51.4253977404679,51.4256134371254,51.4258122922423,51.4258282327165,51.4259061761694,51.4259265369744,51.4259706285906,51.4259955190934,51.4259968678042,51.4259121373686,51.425835706443,51.425616934026,51.4257413577069,51.4258941593163,51.4260913051844,51.4261036976342,51.4261122351409,51.4261169887163,51.4261302561166,51.4261435471686,51.42615681454,51.426170105562,51.4261816229381,51.4261922179863,51.4262019616982,51.4262029549991,51.4262148982501,51.4262241455166,51.4262325177544,51.4262390926532,51.4262423564269,51.4262480326134,51.4262528101083,51.4262557902637,51.4262636187036,51.42628587279,51.4263019542553,51.4263031598082,51.4262932267745,51.4262657681786,51.4262353534348,51.4262091942398,51.4262008189755,51.4261692927519,51.426163758187,51.4261573485778,51.4261533277976,51.4262089968115,51.4265237357112,51.4270680768875,51.4274493134904,51.4276282592912,51.4281071845614,51.4283722111994,51.4285561481659,51.4287955180309,51.4291796678253,51.4295326968186,51.4296551978742,51.4297490601947,51.4313516588395,51.4320870439981,51.432186156031,51.432235605634,51.432291866135,51.4323452415,51.4323826066394,51.4324119075396,51.4324586139495,51.4324815059519,51.4324836808855,51.4324710985307,51.4324512085051,51.4324475651971,51.4324578734375,51.4324969607602,51.4325313427822,51.4325702650183,51.4326569302694,51.432682374212,51.4328457740831,51.4329998331386,51.4334444695799,51.4336917392083,51.433922742819,51.4343091097597,51.4343919691962,51.434457377584,51.4345309448959,51.4346313291308,51.434704306152,51.4350790078811,51.43541128319,51.4359193297079,51.4362887027329,51.4366785609103,51.4367928274665,51.4368831630318,51.4369873307908,51.4370414119577,51.4370917560696,51.4371743051404,51.4372169376025,51.4372823846983,51.4374955691047,51.4375407781874,51.4376271190908,51.4377670302802,51.4379296964659,51.4379891493611,51.4382090118449,51.438990786865,51.4395401460636,51.4408491580606,51.4409032578997,51.441008638123,51.4411574808426,51.4415337264664,51.4418474493104,51.4419094281013,51.4419724004949,51.4420978265509,51.4425259681956,51.4428681288813,51.443355307235,51.4441534512234,51.4445377370796,51.4448090038613,51.4452623579589,51.4455580499574,51.4458528194034,51.4461837913699,51.4464487583206,51.4469576468356,51.4471931194788,51.4473520504179,51.447535881599,51.4477960871165,51.4481385709897,51.4484276343352,51.4489988240971,51.4493078645304,51.4495076034629,51.4495631219982,51.4499403236396,51.4503387565189,51.4499396963705,51.4494932702543,51.4491941099586,51.4489938382406,51.4488134325207,51.4487537558774,51.4487294841004,51.4487179364498,51.4487096403463,51.4487180599982,51.4487304649353,51.4487636251127,51.4488371071651,51.4495078806633,51.4498488412895,51.4500318164937,51.4501125912572,51.4501307980241,51.4500921996286,51.4500518019963,51.4499608641919,51.4499195268178,51.449873048118,51.4501912934271,51.450643384825,51.4509602501209,51.4510549660539,51.4512291196535,51.4512927048738,51.4513247659453,51.4517071444634,51.4524143883425,51.4526570605062,51.4531185829332,51.4531916769694,51.4538894256404,51.4549903095195,51.4550373216904,51.455099860239,51.4551642199099,51.4554924364144,51.4559313864576,51.4565769678035,51.4566612660637,51.4569630521805,51.4571221691886,51.4571744326806,51.4576806468074,51.4576806228286,51.4578103965685,51.4578981025653,51.4581580929665,51.4589807547788,51.4590953235874,51.4594072549623,51.4598315148916,51.4602811522376,51.460595744263,51.4609301300892,51.4613244010996,51.4618190915089,51.4622047839536,51.4626067844501,51.4629422623422,51.4635230798466,51.4639746620975,51.4642399274252,51.464406091108,51.4646085476562,51.4647312533201,51.464908319919,51.4650265077319,51.4651760392043,51.4652254512749,51.4656266770296,51.4658980902507,51.4660723961656,51.4662296744965,51.4663389299528,51.4663973846391,51.4664098566615,51.4664713178647,51.4665575653204,51.4666011484,51.466637849624,51.4666709212205,51.4667640128195,51.46679360936,51.4671226148999,51.467365330213,51.4673708415688,51.4674637665334,51.4675801648506,51.4677304241833,51.468344041298,51.4685710145286,51.4689546317002,51.4692140261987,51.4693377549483,51.4696139962116,51.4697014304485,51.4697571933805,51.4700801325446,51.4706091787045,51.4712104019167,51.4729331928316,51.4738397535641,51.4763016858139,51.4780085909345,51.4786057730448,51.4792055509978,51.4792074438014,51.4792247178705,51.4792576805839,51.4797861016055,51.4798110721445,51.4798004944242,51.4797918572896,51.4799655612014,51.4800772449096,51.4801616444713,51.4802371147626,51.4802451877677,51.4802730691949,51.4803423115018,51.4803171698898,51.4803081742886,51.4803567003132,51.4803617191115,51.4803816747637,51.4804789179515,51.480489295357,51.4805152507934,51.4807704192058,51.4808381416214,51.4809227468311,51.4809779839784,51.4810314238564,51.4810307163935,51.4810304484293,51.4810554666987,51.4814471549195,51.4817473116951,51.4819652485481,51.4824015762662,51.4826402532396,51.482644368754,51.4827443078265,51.4827458517673,51.4827484472654,51.4828023411362,51.4829191390695,51.4833845430569,51.4834078739794,51.4834573463942,51.4834661223153,51.4835664676917,51.4835674237079,51.4835680546458,51.483580683255,51.4843742492844,51.484388703944,51.4843959790376,51.484608796415,51.4846142120895,51.4848315942938,51.4851634608619,51.4851691488878,51.4852181528069,51.4852127465731,51.4852309197358,51.4852929677955,51.4855163243805,51.4857952339814,51.4858485125473,51.4859660990531,51.4859832974115,51.4860045108271,51.4861024852866,51.4862750459475,51.4863430549412,51.486386681445,51.4864490118393,51.4864703877203,51.4866013820453,51.4866790704455,51.4867344604243,51.4868406755124,51.4868673571408,51.4869629654288,51.4869688590547,51.4869843841802,51.4870259695083,51.4870777264581,51.4872180268759,51.4872817910724,51.4875174269574,51.4879352159699,51.4876338922406,51.4875522598373,51.4875620013241,51.487711058484,51.4877743492355,51.4878135623609,51.4878225386707,51.4878074067048,51.4877982665792,51.4878256382927,51.4879269046697,51.4879335672805,51.4878708574039,51.4879335137983,51.4880167163851,51.4880990920858,51.488116764329,51.488334967566,51.4883611583471,51.489135486035,51.4894384471075,51.4895501255911,51.4896174115649,51.489747148073,51.48986430531,51.4899452646818,51.4900211975269,51.4900420587978,51.4899856255527,51.4903696929976,51.4904459924315,51.4907445084389,51.4904720092832,51.4903416367326,51.4903663975252,51.4902194625298,51.4901621166045,51.4902351869014,51.4903318340361,51.4903771252066,51.4904418765615,51.4903623896179,51.490142090245,51.4901264055646,51.4901066222792,51.4900215361151,51.4900277250979,51.4900354230128,51.4902406702072,51.4910624200348,51.491827899945,51.4921630484587,51.4927944776531,51.4927997009999,51.492829918978,51.4929454670345,51.4929521266395,51.4929587862356,51.4929645472019,51.4929702840962,51.4929742237391,51.4929781874366,51.4929821029963,51.492984245369,51.492984879274,51.4929861230119,51.4929873426744,51.4929867891516,51.4929853369987,51.4929838607692,51.4929815099766,51.4929782605539,51.4929750111221,51.4929708389915,51.4929657922995,51.4929607455984,51.4929548002674,51.4929488789979,51.4929420350285,51.4929352151213,51.4929322304034,51.4929225461184,51.4929119872709,51.4929005057167,51.4928881736745,51.4928749189256,51.4928616882377,51.492847582992,51.4928325550393,51.4928166525296,51.4928007740849,51.4927839729327,51.4927672199233,51.4927625582822,51.4927420903914,51.4927207479444,51.4926976323226,51.492675415309,51.492651401043,51.4926265363047,51.4926016715564,51.4925768308786,51.4925566518598,51.4924677834784,51.4924020788551,51.4923862483735,51.4923712924183,51.4923563364534,51.4923422790989,51.4923281976485,51.4923158893409,51.4923045278161,51.4922922194864,51.4922817083852,51.492271173184,51.4922615365902,51.4922536972237,51.4922467323746,51.4922457855749,51.4922416852032,51.4922384834437,51.4922361802963,51.4922338771411,51.4922315739782,51.4922302657957,51.4922232116825,51.4922194797959,51.4926334420164,51.4929961782968,51.4930002850896,51.492868947385,51.4929307417494,51.4930074251821,51.4930268274957,51.4930554772886]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.024847351506038,-0.0247916458401446,-0.0246827707809883,-0.0240429658213817,-0.024072526787998,-0.0232078084121742,-0.0226596692843988,-0.022768155257719,-0.0226138015249508,-0.0224485218229255,-0.0211830530716015,-0.0208145270655907,-0.0207194201309767,-0.0205332909246194,-0.020154965605345,-0.0192930225178236,-0.0188186248390441,-0.0187933066106674,-0.0187017566133388,-0.0185966435709677,-0.018528547720457,-0.0184905504241619,-0.0184138529431582,-0.0181898611772911,-0.0179572269469665,-0.0165217248960851,-0.0165096971228778,-0.0164947736271763,-0.0170921768430825,-0.0171165672380599,-0.0176446281667056,-0.0178753075987566,-0.0181613892413801,-0.0184009114557492,-0.0185837634113886,-0.0187277581116582,-0.01893472633835,-0.020014681004047,-0.0204180309005636,-0.020367433745228,-0.0225235072038224,-0.0230709522800102,-0.0231207626681146,-0.0231612732011441,-0.0247198681711953,-0.026408704876031,-0.0263683764539135,-0.026065125192995,-0.0259521413551235,-0.0258829925134019,-0.0258191377097027,-0.0257391631772635,-0.0255780902991585,-0.0252959876837259,-0.0252896596555573,-0.0252222333300948,-0.0252072082312125,-0.0252012985450697,-0.0250298114384544,-0.024847351506038],"lat":[51.4855462016976,51.4855353713823,51.4856216655711,51.4853617882287,51.4853110280903,51.4849565296729,51.4847422541513,51.4845984020772,51.4845373466997,51.4846622554271,51.4841831781414,51.4840456649623,51.4840134844297,51.4839545876999,51.4838438850535,51.4836260930636,51.4835056696948,51.4834252069499,51.4831448865765,51.4826790874567,51.482455817205,51.4823688452231,51.48224434915,51.4819959621599,51.4818805205001,51.4816386224958,51.4813515520084,51.4812307974152,51.4804405519957,51.4804094900369,51.4807196745003,51.4808800472752,51.480858804319,51.4808484643004,51.4808164829399,51.4807838447023,51.4807270907599,51.4803658410003,51.4802305670413,51.479935651693,51.4796995561231,51.4796287528176,51.4802419948829,51.4807372758365,51.4811969907373,51.4815095984274,51.4815763647436,51.4818284506856,51.4819434534524,51.4820439065834,51.4821885129631,51.4825729525534,51.4834344372386,51.4841967624392,51.4843432365857,51.4846370609899,51.4849848247126,51.4850215951754,51.4852902858554,51.4855462016976]}],[{"lng":[0.120210839063794,0.120535195752488,0.120579093805514,0.120599945183753,0.120625283019367,0.120679107375322,0.120694740039723,0.120705885978062,0.120697419493382,0.120746048690354,0.120779857207868,0.120847533715224,0.120823296120283,0.120857234593212,0.120929123054872,0.120945194503935,0.120914818726493,0.120919474313938,0.120926758910676,0.120981909154171,0.120999130679548,0.121023340391345,0.121045113760174,0.12108230054855,0.121085242963796,0.121164256379776,0.121196499462521,0.121187803671872,0.121232952496853,0.121241432091199,0.121278565254984,0.12129277509481,0.121334583851675,0.121429186129841,0.121520028661593,0.121527037680806,0.121532565695302,0.121496524050179,0.121454828637739,0.121444399973609,0.121448405452442,0.121467241426457,0.121514695382324,0.121945582994531,0.121964834567165,0.122022630444328,0.122073667446026,0.12206976096573,0.12207749460213,0.12205957522068,0.122097970168065,0.122134967930548,0.122232488068202,0.122506693240974,0.122638160818283,0.122986301222783,0.123302729721168,0.123458480047215,0.123707187432002,0.123908467913461,0.123973670446323,0.12404031139641,0.124160769862762,0.124053707178173,0.123886009703948,0.123814359269416,0.123676833143492,0.123439689607854,0.12293595012094,0.122610484919471,0.122223101775392,0.121856736880489,0.121765166070597,0.121384262726455,0.121010885272865,0.120730975642973,0.120590186686774,0.120232448803471,0.11987287676805,0.119703496675641,0.119373638927753,0.119146094167634,0.119090307972711,0.118848974943788,0.118454273244254,0.118165186710294,0.117090883419509,0.116818478705091,0.116453328936563,0.116109785231371,0.115664127702929,0.115489649700412,0.115339899502769,0.115079375782391,0.115049226619912,0.115025456483708,0.114632493404747,0.114345791111294,0.114024750754055,0.113801966194355,0.113750096055003,0.113512786919962,0.113224401431189,0.113067425975093,0.113005762355125,0.112842564433307,0.112560111886405,0.112527461917921,0.112238095969965,0.111975654320504,0.111772424923444,0.111665912159774,0.111234172630615,0.110885091207108,0.110816705006406,0.110688523601023,0.11056766020268,0.110371020418035,0.110033270544098,0.109753696109368,0.109380966449677,0.108973699996071,0.108722093602039,0.108477258034187,0.108297862349483,0.108230393045804,0.108225549051734,0.108165850283729,0.107666553914176,0.107663032953234,0.107548552598592,0.10739987092263,0.107336259703693,0.107272845012518,0.1071999583997,0.107160300908914,0.107058565266513,0.106897846973372,0.106378553545527,0.106162519683881,0.10563615601751,0.105191067036444,0.104891409477876,0.104814197830778,0.104688815090061,0.104484162749051,0.10412706713215,0.10385655360053,0.10371182518871,0.103377062936818,0.10329113774285,0.103272184766301,0.103141125997779,0.103087689870177,0.103076220444298,0.1026729002185,0.102550653887326,0.102549132391361,0.1024704159408,0.102001822330211,0.101821636665709,0.101744641391862,0.101697572633691,0.101440307233787,0.101428533773549,0.100946342883228,0.100199332303008,0.0997822367546652,0.099242469436262,0.0987129685711638,0.0982239570174837,0.0981672091877798,0.0980973425456926,0.098021152172999,0.0974816839052389,0.0973339990820972,0.0970854472954147,0.0969098198856806,0.0968037755677581,0.0965604666093416,0.0965489941268588,0.0956643742229166,0.0953544561593771,0.0950079499066577,0.0946471357543765,0.0944717243410657,0.0942104748477014,0.0939977749834047,0.0938462461407493,0.0935898892427722,0.0931710698660699,0.0928398117823828,0.0926912852264601,0.0924812614518774,0.0921386645217177,0.0919725461500374,0.0919361243100631,0.0918609375952971,0.0917445196660517,0.0915419809844576,0.0913983917887201,0.0912641750390205,0.0912982540239249,0.0912790983467388,0.0912205611649724,0.0911962263062111,0.091096664622446,0.0911080109629338,0.0911842666482538,0.0908757177636389,0.0905330943069207,0.0901032059856519,0.0898314151166517,0.0895437165566707,0.0890478655408266,0.0888968424578078,0.0885912217003188,0.0881021893908745,0.0875969644113865,0.0872684102357271,0.0870021317657274,0.0866091764520037,0.08634446953497,0.0860187237199257,0.0857631438080938,0.0854451591405431,0.0851768680424518,0.0851067148034219,0.0847966981088761,0.0845319665945813,0.0843338114818869,0.0839780964666111,0.0835428786416328,0.0832182508012237,0.0822955375219704,0.0822739241544246,0.0822228499088156,0.0821900754578289,0.0822043726760751,0.0822007522179082,0.0821453913144333,0.0821757242330732,0.0821888962667415,0.0824692336961939,0.0825850646018766,0.0826299224936314,0.0826024584766348,0.0825308792278428,0.0824117214597305,0.0823752886473861,0.0823077138211729,0.0822792921487593,0.0822664553158975,0.0822636739125369,0.0822270929245033,0.0822273998880543,0.0822309178242501,0.0822444978979556,0.0822741529328277,0.0823115726026842,0.0824098352623675,0.082479615198324,0.0826558976630203,0.0828782412648532,0.0808251426486015,0.0793887804806208,0.0786371531958185,0.0786676136392659,0.0788266989114075,0.0795014310656099,0.0796115490396952,0.0797525729079855,0.0804211830281581,0.0807800746515855,0.0808673719723593,0.0814197889834283,0.0822058707798601,0.0829959660003919,0.083902270014298,0.0849861360717545,0.0856839400070224,0.0856796389135989,0.0858232309955034,0.0860043476398793,0.0860215058617121,0.0860309679364725,0.0860590541290491,0.0860582112445571,0.0860853592752113,0.0861877505220042,0.0862447234661801,0.0862668917510244,0.0862985623155444,0.0863889584429473,0.0864355223349095,0.0865082719495039,0.0865760091864723,0.0866076851944702,0.0866444168729487,0.0866539592621283,0.0867168596616267,0.0868095895673415,0.0868306190025744,0.0867962589303169,0.0870373838859193,0.0874090366883168,0.0878329421757145,0.0878880236722299,0.0879084279740903,0.0880392726232429,0.088040546714613,0.0880056126334396,0.0879096594158045,0.0877667835342681,0.0875320872070688,0.087352933293845,0.0873550042383662,0.0873548922729248,0.0872811578988201,0.0870676598383883,0.0868974572972798,0.0868115613755424,0.086694559516119,0.0865555339325819,0.086356201202258,0.0862942512879285,0.0863886252204654,0.0865045214115341,0.0866714803489353,0.086804542126169,0.0869242436646005,0.0872191357782013,0.087380133692019,0.0869132753187189,0.0864504887291821,0.0863205476011149,0.0857482301574413,0.0855390483917731,0.0852832464554709,0.0853047376648654,0.0849924919458805,0.0849910131572698,0.0847120086589583,0.084348307451276,0.0836665616835476,0.0832160789251565,0.0830323832649065,0.0828101997090192,0.0829437791268959,0.0829729113777051,0.0830978628480523,0.0829319621712314,0.0828258257808113,0.0829136308654015,0.0832242354585676,0.0844155512812635,0.0841698043660733,0.0832386087834724,0.0829416497219145,0.0827900130014803,0.0825738470214144,0.0818331106091743,0.0817854264133966,0.0816422054709127,0.0813266387704681,0.0808515815794826,0.0804157885196483,0.0804037962685718,0.0804867875569493,0.0802927716160908,0.0800462712451706,0.0800327597669304,0.0801329221946656,0.0801962333762383,0.0801042019859237,0.0799593182824917,0.079943879273427,0.0799376383547231,0.0800293368997341,0.0798115959481747,0.079778536754127,0.0797637918977286,0.0797032114981989,0.0796064426712332,0.0794884751995719,0.0795819242840666,0.0794596216744193,0.0792531335654562,0.0791466787322157,0.0790632781471802,0.0788152215451588,0.0787900050710632,0.0788503174030971,0.0790025811371868,0.0790361478121963,0.0789041805413015,0.0788327922432062,0.0786856027904111,0.0785011980499265,0.0784350841663255,0.0784185353276363,0.0783143992153797,0.0781391543046627,0.0779667761121048,0.0778199407101262,0.0773044975356273,0.0770769153898261,0.0769296796339318,0.0765445810653898,0.0765119331769315,0.075900744159111,0.0750018516421018,0.0749603349479641,0.0754508699436126,0.0756484566833744,0.0760061839382498,0.0764068324366088,0.0764181704089322,0.0765031236388848,0.0758895348515517,0.0762901427230383,0.0763882595470839,0.0759123064369605,0.0756958895849379,0.0756547004172297,0.0760800968019528,0.0758926550256685,0.0756297341906888,0.0754240203454049,0.0750471670340944,0.0749040200392058,0.0748327254594257,0.0747846884461995,0.0746871771616261,0.0746526482065255,0.0753075213554673,0.0753431338495797,0.0751821558650335,0.0748359460905595,0.0743047504068093,0.0740221845694381,0.0733277810155808,0.0730351116448012,0.0734713832642181,0.0722376666424686,0.0719427912518565,0.0716365529546059,0.0712307679327272,0.0702889785436929,0.0701251182140692,0.0699287822978387,0.0685415716593301,0.0669350407273906,0.0664041413537243,0.066579480074338,0.0647145161126396,0.0647789311274714,0.0641941559705603,0.0641969496462451,0.0644371825261669,0.0640039802747278,0.0635291014573582,0.0634801121260759,0.0633882673132626,0.0633421323621068,0.0632640126210142,0.0632022699374979,0.0629405419563423,0.0617082310144487,0.0613374748323811,0.0608999054124307,0.0606444069346704,0.0598363222363081,0.0592540812369125,0.0591524590958592,0.0590057551210682,0.0588317186657736,0.0587310257332847,0.0585965548964487,0.058199719801251,0.0577807544865022,0.0564149309746388,0.0563912623049412,0.0559851594726642,0.0548269843510867,0.0547112545856122,0.0544181312342409,0.0538917633503696,0.0534588313313244,0.0529269829354949,0.0524539675395893,0.0521560841811646,0.0513348610165525,0.0510490442071122,0.0501481814645186,0.0495358646186352,0.0492520801474668,0.0483685823005986,0.0477848748031366,0.0471041325108254,0.0466235971883387,0.0464148257698418,0.0461981896588705,0.0458021706495047,0.0451470361697294,0.0451481160897827,0.0451828652878151,0.044884540687737,0.0443189591987707,0.043586609610488,0.0433115785415414,0.0432252977444449,0.0429434941899969,0.0429124706831435,0.0427122714024609,0.0424980635797078,0.0424671995258729,0.0423133539798637,0.0421846657502397,0.0419535265397539,0.0414012523185587,0.0409463778543616,0.0401170124546915,0.0400769570211335,0.0400985722071283,0.039999408728265,0.0398142181241039,0.0397484776095014,0.0396168798327706,0.0393236886894924,0.0390495885525956,0.0388153439935907,0.0384900733517185,0.0382981628530076,0.0378955349825584,0.037596346490621,0.0369923662600654,0.0369531069000105,0.0368209034508451,0.03677633061329,0.036701680704496,0.0365674818957783,0.0361735465584558,0.0360472929182493,0.0359798328042676,0.0359352581190275,0.0358964350044569,0.0357313177780886,0.0355435529418513,0.0354889534366672,0.0354791279034125,0.0352574536801978,0.0352405184899852,0.0351319174707539,0.0348373474086266,0.0346153903827926,0.034606083878026,0.0345707750609024,0.0343092738514787,0.0342965722150506,0.0341297332176121,0.0340317142705889,0.0339896547333814,0.0339714808265923,0.0339395660153284,0.0338351541883252,0.0336388758874423,0.0335972550041887,0.0335847926796625,0.0334704758564555,0.0333771698692601,0.0331804901884312,0.0330875842295694,0.033068731423883,0.0329711900764951,0.0327037296695771,0.0325265024070205,0.0322852041892154,0.0320945941304276,0.031658453609671,0.0313339863845358,0.0312858536562604,0.0310010565442365,0.0307591983168119,0.0305857181283915,0.0305006792665139,0.0303248497376424,0.0299782881286276,0.0295728833296259,0.0295739373456685,0.0295742597023608,0.029576400316634,0.0293589657507601,0.028895061308463,0.0288805232483595,0.0286487508233659,0.0285632791030445,0.028215959700091,0.0277674675187697,0.0272811029660926,0.0268524118362081,0.0266622086872959,0.0262178588721715,0.0254161851266832,0.0250043407731246,0.0246729772255999,0.024417542749757,0.0241737697743997,0.0236384857392285,0.0232590955257821,0.0227761179473422,0.0220743668893495,0.0215539644313345,0.0214828622706499,0.0210981811751772,0.0205968158023713,0.0214833694398462,0.0214964699149955,0.0214210744168901,0.0212630800944214,0.021262210849074,0.0212339533340949,0.0212100167753961,0.021531872166133,0.0227510733548376,0.0229423975260055,0.0228201046199282,0.0226786787587816,0.022459473230041,0.022401685921474,0.0222937948679642,0.0221967552271722,0.0221792733506473,0.0221405684636983,0.0221314061664062,0.0219275696907627,0.021567308843955,0.0204671609052182,0.0191655399861637,0.0179854379865448,0.0172939381145907,0.0150637514206382,0.0148759486003468,0.0150091306894085,0.0151227125932826,0.0198383933188618,0.019871629866504,0.0197448270234822,0.0197106467340929,0.0196396474093886,0.019535902459459,0.0192890581675099,0.0183315791351841,0.0183304580039625,0.0180415555413656,0.0180101007548854,0.0179280859014609,0.0178589239959756,0.0177035936917018,0.0176039931965189,0.0175075614134564,0.0175022598802879,0.0174951119061184,0.0174783832958304,0.0174625778566609,0.0174386733695442,0.0174381463376,0.0174285970333727,0.0174522713658778,0.0174728314236796,0.0175138921013844,0.0174796500853742,0.0160243348493662,0.0153161931266923,0.014813266948828,0.0143952397915083,0.0141972504425816,0.0140305875374421,0.0135285903706087,0.0131602917250542,0.0129790702089518,0.012606675681277,0.0122885014773183,0.0119152174376506,0.011700380189353,0.0115189566021966,0.0115161193853953,0.0114846406671676,0.0114838344007282,0.0114853194920965,0.0114815880608892,0.0114149004109835,0.0113753998430628,0.0112567791107986,0.0112336697259957,0.0109988119795505,0.0107961487130392,0.0106451970276788,0.0104429462798172,0.0103110232406768,0.0101138498282211,0.00994738894905061,0.00990348335547574,0.00986709054311743,0.00982377400747538,0.00974710482514453,0.00976486022685449,0.00980468460074726,0.00982325250557565,0.00984393045688609,0.0098250300605555,0.00979562537510848,0.00971959940163961,0.00961781417817812,0.00953272071120016,0.00938039473471476,0.00931015407815597,0.00927983828590255,0.00926910140043509,0.00912088924310533,0.00904892733817172,0.00901771597559405,0.00898806153698301,0.00898747742940513,0.00906781982062198,0.00913883845117989,0.00917418983221989,0.00911630549765582,0.00909709402704866,0.0099432309868878,0.0104848439120941,0.0107539357900061,0.0109134922020406,0.0113027283068729,0.0114594475766966,0.0115965790312327,0.0118085056463625,0.0120895370566521,0.0124830878948223,0.0127463355413571,0.0128374863686502,0.0129743041086662,0.0131535557293509,0.0132453792587668,0.0131414582300586,0.0130126438603261,0.0127648222656352,0.0126911662765738,0.0126668061869458,0.0126928402503471,0.012779908556884,0.0129767397394718,0.0130531053976542,0.0130689116435409,0.0130516520300416,0.0130134194464148,0.0128898408072729,0.0126017028123875,0.0129924662823368,0.0134811069376531,0.0134860707662861,0.0134968832890945,0.0135875657065924,0.0137560211204445,0.0140251257173851,0.0143584600792347,0.0145451974714295,0.014987270318406,0.0152629590410805,0.0155282055888779,0.0158314260769608,0.0158498258283891,0.0159601472744213,0.0160303292409623,0.0160417996451626,0.0161118753629056,0.0163305361017028,0.0165329810554891,0.0166119991033946,0.016623143122152,0.0166942642069184,0.0166055666355097,0.0164638866129073,0.0163474003049262,0.0162912359465811,0.0162055702898254,0.01619923543711,0.0161961076235313,0.0161437983572912,0.0158930733111621,0.0155158082572472,0.0153575389168242,0.0152127979152547,0.0150789979367915,0.0149952001724695,0.0149531548802695,0.0149849011726023,0.0160291070992007,0.0161948038577966,0.01655269249871,0.017780554148426,0.0181236009675934,0.0180411475307085,0.0170401577459715,0.0152510675279308,0.0143568054169076,0.0135636251193125,0.0120888979491085,0.0101483341472055,0.00921879267861346,0.00748967029111151,0.00541158796612332,0.00454478351805742,0.00375903128692758,0.00284280072286571,0.00163626299511446,0.000877977602548187,0.000365675363044042,-5.72091177417772e-06,-0.000359103918585913,-0.000983579930577973,-0.00119221328402646,-0.00132439119257437,-0.00149654280764248,-0.00234966293810762,-0.00359806928841247,-0.00563043913890807,-0.0066892909669118,-0.00695462194576492,-0.0073628232088518,-0.00814348183745376,-0.00861442832259595,-0.00889587213305768,-0.00907176844761832,-0.0100780519983922,-0.0103223650771764,-0.0116787257134317,-0.0125188480036505,-0.012874016458621,-0.0131439398851695,-0.0133632294773132,-0.0136714068702524,-0.0140695227898728,-0.0142576128314974,-0.014542954381867,-0.014540974018883,-0.0145286379194005,-0.0145344323988692,-0.0147546224738431,-0.0151845092298001,-0.0148607368880848,-0.0144229251895495,-0.014097055531342,-0.0140467463725236,-0.0138409606620017,-0.0137168549262372,-0.0134740157615136,-0.0131289768663874,-0.0134761382658151,-0.0141080746418663,-0.0144938801605986,-0.0146525811787033,-0.0150267210983691,-0.0150902208456616,-0.0153012359785024,-0.0154562188398468,-0.0155598011082638,-0.0158067059916341,-0.015904495248643,-0.0162696759909685,-0.0164164173964353,-0.0164673915729687,-0.0165589895723336,-0.0169494210089813,-0.017113892372567,-0.0171404862053621,-0.0171617145596378,-0.0171616366371062,-0.0172738566324334,-0.0175090000533323,-0.017743910022097,-0.0178871660052325,-0.0182004312568594,-0.0184734480150634,-0.0187006171517397,-0.019118015368569,-0.0190181883492471,-0.0190209491944155,-0.0191668449662018,-0.0192726858662177,-0.0191999648277918,-0.0190903790467814,-0.0190317359990129,-0.0189375549054781,-0.0186717157493988,-0.0187925336277823,-0.0189452384962977,-0.0189819011907323,-0.0189586072085558,-0.0188275930478736,-0.0188842872196801,-0.019023313293334,-0.0191100679879703,-0.0191530292098378,-0.0192852692193026,-0.0193192170123857,-0.0193454657639608,-0.019398625013485,-0.0198933651826222,-0.0199992971242298,-0.0200519907631574,-0.0201100119564867,-0.0201452057193089,-0.020245108883995,-0.0202997068215299,-0.0203277442374314,-0.020337271259174,-0.0201560064956726,-0.020082699356708,-0.0200417091936856,-0.020006124340428,-0.0199831003849585,-0.0199784707969347,-0.0199900193362078,-0.0200045632354483,-0.0200506845156283,-0.020118040093999,-0.020225918708385,-0.0203275366459883,-0.0205537956897385,-0.0206208798986052,-0.0206476357333677,-0.0206656414203448,-0.0207361859703979,-0.0207507302193234,-0.0207679581034865,-0.0207965806887384,-0.0208366757982465,-0.0209345222387163,-0.0210523194822924,-0.0211411440543859,-0.0212345577965661,-0.0214631925262071,-0.0216450041337629,-0.0215776859923285,-0.0217724102481319,-0.0218708400819512,-0.0218850350674613,-0.0220320411399307,-0.0221015773494973,-0.0221884975178143,-0.0223414924383319,-0.0224494518637997,-0.0225065002190811,-0.0226727174694333,-0.0226178856803715,-0.022611624725727,-0.0226459705909801,-0.0228110609181191,-0.0228032117317224,-0.0228016975064203,-0.0228305617640013,-0.022930602743089,-0.0229185120009982,-0.022924581348052,-0.0228872093137256,-0.0227676197216116,-0.0227749688787221,-0.0227504661934768,-0.0227130527452383,-0.0223809207760709,-0.0222394725685756,-0.0220131242977169,-0.0212891261838906,-0.0211540565637645,-0.0211495840714138,-0.0210329879614025,-0.0207563138045827,-0.0204736087976666,-0.0203914296575945,-0.020300926950449,-0.0205236987927726,-0.0206385807642866,-0.0206468627667054,-0.0206400170486285,-0.020524155769192,-0.0203898591822725,-0.019974287964492,-0.0199140036414155,-0.0198688100492998,-0.019768777725656,-0.0196867142657757,-0.0196321090897143,-0.0195938781504182,-0.0195926337441375,-0.0197110263367993,-0.0195547980177443,-0.0190903297528063,-0.0190326891235052,-0.0190011067237284,-0.0189696005338532,-0.018841983529141,-0.0189751295225382,-0.0189954158531304,-0.0189807104337895,-0.0186625908044815,-0.0183724941840758,-0.018267441787958,-0.0178685130162894,-0.0178388735902666,-0.0177827456368611,-0.0176624782507458,-0.017118126739224,-0.0170138833063454,-0.0168866494810568,-0.0159187975734735,-0.0158210317347485,-0.015773223217205,-0.0157453289231841,-0.0156815908601201,-0.0151098142508487,-0.0150255480913524,-0.0150310316524252,-0.0150986684073265,-0.0157135833326791,-0.0160205459378535,-0.0170178387926761,-0.0172876213184715,-0.0178644868055685,-0.017928858783496,-0.0179592354551085,-0.017988560150948,-0.0180291551306703,-0.0180496403316822,-0.0180404960833716,-0.0179853332348957,-0.0179570138857309,-0.0178848164009126,-0.0178438946471457,-0.0177756275934913,-0.0170153662156267,-0.0163328621949515,-0.0163328695188172,-0.0163290027918581,-0.0158034985404782,-0.0156531265099654,-0.0154725618822801,-0.0154579832823194,-0.0153121939435793,-0.0152761437022928,-0.0152660212927291,-0.0146033611408868,-0.0145807531306443,-0.013930733766661,-0.0139482265761575,-0.0135715824750778,-0.013290975255892,-0.0124355369920895,-0.0122826289909726,-0.0121887676775849,-0.0121675502294831,-0.0119125289920188,-0.0116647816296451,-0.0116165590124303,-0.0111748229654621,-0.0111125606455104,-0.0109762188617816,-0.0109630313245657,-0.0110336565729427,-0.0104705142371793,-0.0100483052285882,-0.00993538070139555,-0.00992679027651739,-0.00991460300935174,-0.0088080068682595,-0.00850384909258745,-0.00842989846638376,-0.00836134327580563,-0.00833035535039945,-0.00737304101255028,-0.00726654795860631,-0.00514496628876318,-0.00501251912825157,-0.00470751712778541,-0.00462941703452546,-0.00445765991276881,-0.00365755264861427,-0.00360131653623169,-0.00346903515307675,-0.00336512027389258,-0.00324963869374446,-0.00333293276812654,-0.00204513494517886,-0.00223955121998924,-0.00231048077679785,-0.00168789374580301,-0.00158048557465393,-0.00181849911481557,-0.001695587645979,-0.00133267977854434,-0.00130925332628308,-0.00127176275505146,-0.00121863617750929,-0.00118567454329512,-0.000688574985153877,-0.000583849843104855,-0.000104268833817465,0.000131464775560654,0.000700232465440033,0.000822939829899265,0.000899651048248843,0.00102105443086434,0.00109153677881122,0.00126840310338945,0.00143730082004141,0.00128841126782214,0.0016388442393571,0.00195529241724721,0.00196284355025195,0.00199093440011463,0.00182441691080302,0.00203918059924579,0.00218355280186137,0.00244706115326641,0.00235716527351077,0.00235894466761597,0.00249255396552685,0.00238859829635969,0.00239356417383541,0.00240996703908247,0.00260715323040487,0.00262605923341839,0.00251520664184334,0.00243449931016312,0.00234144816202575,0.00233640296273437,0.00236354344700516,0.00195482715775804,0.001845150240642,0.00175314554250088,0.00171172590954036,0.00157140032035147,0.00167537883265178,0.00151343653606563,0.00155819747274376,0.0014699239123125,0.00139707468925767,0.00127063026769642,0.000967928080016299,0.000954398236342215,0.000938736949729107,0.000934631491372786,0.000939163409950995,0.000969191117161051,0.00108939384840025,0.00113892954474247,0.00118010334985102,0.00121731269974959,0.00124219568612598,0.00119238292405799,0.00114804201984014,0.00114091672522932,0.000862139356073734,-0.000286050782581293,-0.00103917520923243,-0.00106541219074096,-0.0010896834789081,-0.00147294871334493,-0.00114879937309095,-0.00169109200336836,-0.00149060699891602,-0.00166063868232139,-0.00184879284846646,-0.00195887848580534,-0.00210951783759476,-0.00215138394901729,-0.00219535444403992,-0.00219970935487013,-0.00226710215566077,-0.00231394371686314,-0.00230287258023803,-0.00187299277868663,-0.00187282678707914,-0.00185997778618934,-0.00186646921915536,-0.00198436054670062,-0.00192188026592663,-0.00185047548039997,-0.00158448085328703,-0.00154167486647773,-0.00154128172592874,-0.00201548380687731,-0.00202073206974742,-0.00203110660076034,-0.00182275833026525,-0.00170144959568286,-0.0016113101388578,-0.00147799950299246,-0.00132468746003322,-0.00105850055331625,-0.000622204676391358,-0.000374942700620381,-0.000205109483216287,0.000147203084733445,0.000331082945487333,0.000825295056186578,0.00147987278617256,0.00189616941731028,0.00214968574959048,0.00271575482967919,0.00329723318902195,0.00351818750929637,0.00411061454869211,0.00490596312558323,0.00514584970115337,0.00545611017166666,0.00590895046045617,0.00641726463277756,0.00672299309000623,0.00813954645980096,0.00826320568362556,0.00848063848349803,0.00893397824746646,0.0108013098182627,0.0114875601073451,0.0118110423299182,0.0123774394778541,0.0124404037296703,0.0127374181976271,0.0129846218810786,0.0133238569412169,0.0137228947991881,0.0137744584076932,0.0137937419902824,0.0138776673248973,0.0139004774322093,0.0139360857299147,0.0143826099644213,0.0145364905201335,0.0146319671852161,0.0148165143177932,0.0150140696385805,0.0153896190251578,0.0153910586251619,0.0157075698676796,0.0156588862993641,0.0156998812952328,0.015743914026678,0.0158219569358087,0.0168760486292446,0.0169639026695678,0.0171800210211724,0.0172849343682769,0.0173288867140248,0.0174644162754736,0.0175171757868927,0.0177306909022589,0.017842800720655,0.0179413876558518,0.018018099700234,0.0184624916629765,0.0191984557690297,0.0192582023970136,0.0199253117593056,0.0203234813247376,0.020792753098933,0.021702906847766,0.0215768595552318,0.0219800630015685,0.022040889046824,0.022303871283009,0.0227844057129624,0.0237320515348072,0.023800698106302,0.0243793199939858,0.0249954353205619,0.0252635845514517,0.0252862073102404,0.0260571936485738,0.0274592947567724,0.0277559909180227,0.02831091974519,0.0283435205319193,0.028719549939457,0.0287069836159872,0.0289946420186088,0.0290190769637275,0.0290312345674267,0.0294064646394551,0.0294842865569786,0.0299020211821878,0.0300077824527963,0.0313918291319042,0.0316844115568642,0.0318805069935344,0.032078721371319,0.0326919989874211,0.0331213786242954,0.0335580771150853,0.0345229699430929,0.0347327835068556,0.0350669592981871,0.035305966058237,0.0355352953263593,0.0357677825117211,0.0361754094290969,0.0364622408902623,0.036631946647717,0.036876711397841,0.0369020649384924,0.0369929644960886,0.0371627163451461,0.0374892162150919,0.0379889866254123,0.0392968849454516,0.0398322527330741,0.0402481741619404,0.0412701394677739,0.0416008760455381,0.0419300925223837,0.0426351461737147,0.0435525756419818,0.0457151140207589,0.0479896115500076,0.0491620988295476,0.0497044696765225,0.0504111475747402,0.0504470148982683,0.0523690568479223,0.0537777969231434,0.0555781436884326,0.0556137518504418,0.0558509885372075,0.0559377797440143,0.0561766581953082,0.0562266204857789,0.0565234431143415,0.0566114721587632,0.0577076926598475,0.0577444146020929,0.0577573409011105,0.057778852439565,0.0580282498931889,0.0580158923270898,0.0580905620728404,0.058831441989172,0.058920748435193,0.0589394214689624,0.059121568117223,0.0590914668510601,0.0591651431905638,0.0609079404150991,0.062356818888745,0.0624706602443332,0.0629876885102494,0.0631218874734017,0.0638744315999206,0.0640447531107285,0.0640562285747756,0.0641319354307467,0.0641104741503033,0.0648580100186785,0.0650908863421621,0.0679299621466583,0.0688011644219457,0.06914160797684,0.0703267627277179,0.0727544155670998,0.0749082949455116,0.0759258128024582,0.0760954863583723,0.0762073725471526,0.0764056614333905,0.0766970000522161,0.0765892195930007,0.0771804707876382,0.0776297609849954,0.0789798938691804,0.080764739754199,0.082201850365369,0.0823486636044094,0.0824037729834111,0.082457524752191,0.0823450107484621,0.0831642996240154,0.0837338564888071,0.0837352961638998,0.0840321172577857,0.0840984198432118,0.0844169950261861,0.0860017715071749,0.0864041113911451,0.0866308309669743,0.0867602021127847,0.0868026591718773,0.0867626417585746,0.0868682784430989,0.0870465003359638,0.0871346086788119,0.0872312327680196,0.0874586283099416,0.0875906704401921,0.0876187609534666,0.0876903601955624,0.0878318232767808,0.0878342899967148,0.0878829698364063,0.0879268979108319,0.0881522456125316,0.0884377337485822,0.0892565273639715,0.0909517384841496,0.091450897225535,0.0917855420336765,0.0918906178883521,0.0919226690904191,0.0920247011391027,0.0922423386097601,0.092761582638802,0.0931020673766393,0.0941579525186863,0.0945902968870633,0.0957854722732152,0.0967640004354769,0.0973170356728499,0.098571375386997,0.099324274566646,0.1002439202528,0.101121587630557,0.102479161956446,0.103555860297996,0.104475073056696,0.104683698969051,0.105742128042735,0.105791852620137,0.106878156388185,0.106904138883062,0.107665599377936,0.1088902903657,0.110037934588725,0.111516149293187,0.113488367036777,0.114320866294536,0.115902535735371,0.117268725159387,0.119095735835714,0.120210839063794],"lat":[51.5114446653239,51.5110431162127,51.5100953773978,51.5097685605737,51.5094452597312,51.5089595727417,51.5087065914421,51.5084500941348,51.5078333388503,51.5070186078832,51.5066295059676,51.5060698268873,51.5049272756032,51.5037962619441,51.5030791316579,51.502432255693,51.5019642780314,51.5016611350364,51.5013525487705,51.5007715128484,51.4997460170658,51.4988399995761,51.4973539873166,51.496293057721,51.4962012774246,51.4952034402355,51.4936947555716,51.4932902344571,51.4925870757369,51.491342311064,51.491087141422,51.4905554064605,51.4897803649435,51.4889944759802,51.4887482265165,51.4886509767999,51.4885528545926,51.4880247264865,51.4878402279586,51.4877396965967,51.487639803356,51.4875180589076,51.4873301487449,51.4861245019658,51.4860737935078,51.4858605158833,51.4855637269,51.4844558764702,51.4835987162086,51.4827474158645,51.4824265747742,51.4822307598377,51.4818494955343,51.4812411101405,51.4808466408147,51.4799698271723,51.4790926873301,51.478694179943,51.4780646701293,51.4774683932415,51.4772909515877,51.4771134838295,51.47682352925,51.4768128789548,51.4769849831969,51.4770546270662,51.4771632342748,51.477328502187,51.4775831303855,51.4777383050996,51.477893700429,51.4780675991006,51.4781115228602,51.4782515102121,51.4783985544549,51.4785115324723,51.4785500505675,51.4785996863865,51.4786097856347,51.4786218410044,51.4786826608498,51.4787137525851,51.4787219552111,51.4787973606492,51.478919601995,51.4786793198591,51.4777787536182,51.4774941019155,51.4771346845025,51.4768063510371,51.4763251819881,51.4761646602196,51.476040562799,51.4757943620883,51.475765229531,51.4757494711904,51.4755353351523,51.4753768358497,51.475191976434,51.4749208116669,51.4748578975067,51.4745528211671,51.4742019021075,51.4739835069379,51.4738955889353,51.4737294642612,51.4734755596574,51.4734545651079,51.4732691301219,51.4730742165316,51.4731947847727,51.4732893298823,51.4735444094652,51.4737809127128,51.4738280076281,51.4739211433797,51.4740168451036,51.4741867529757,51.474512978271,51.4747581191739,51.4750130290711,51.4752685590252,51.4754646328045,51.4757451171486,51.4760082370204,51.4761065731862,51.4761264445848,51.4761122302263,51.4759962066386,51.4759198306289,51.4758418521912,51.4757716827139,51.4757350561149,51.4756714473706,51.4755585481093,51.475479224439,51.4753965200355,51.4753463505484,51.4751398530238,51.4750142370573,51.475467039801,51.4752457150025,51.4755244782652,51.4755051809183,51.4753779347412,51.4752179385284,51.4750310016012,51.474847905617,51.4747695669945,51.4745984142023,51.4745774736225,51.4745724179306,51.4745720712207,51.4746000083703,51.474601113401,51.4748178811947,51.474883922892,51.4748821516076,51.4749240311252,51.4744728987721,51.4744689349646,51.4744856031491,51.4744954398031,51.4746942970927,51.4748141130749,51.4749756335662,51.4752345226602,51.4753085408035,51.4754081354458,51.4754490902862,51.4754623395538,51.4753554409751,51.4752137050342,51.475122442168,51.4746635674791,51.4745205254354,51.4741562648601,51.4740946577439,51.4738861217465,51.4732591751175,51.4732288045935,51.4732500166068,51.4732744410953,51.4732860293212,51.4732681957637,51.4732740275168,51.4732292338581,51.4731754789135,51.473136818214,51.4730730508226,51.4729519315589,51.4727303264595,51.4726313586238,51.4725415818032,51.4724496740898,51.4723752999671,51.4723345827901,51.4723278308176,51.4722696559595,51.4721860389138,51.4721004706422,51.4720623970839,51.4720204220949,51.4719793967164,51.4719588580727,51.471899040093,51.4718315710818,51.4717962966092,51.4717319865226,51.4715342515527,51.4713155405754,51.4710462259301,51.4708649193145,51.4707135719934,51.470418450669,51.4703905660379,51.4703195720454,51.4702050814224,51.4700827835585,51.4700139930801,51.4699530859149,51.4697982094902,51.4696770208378,51.4695434284516,51.4694328675063,51.4690905015664,51.4687958122495,51.4687098294591,51.4687315300998,51.4683252648114,51.4680212329229,51.4675455405588,51.4669363675341,51.4664790053463,51.4666410824583,51.4666090921353,51.4665308623188,51.4664118396733,51.466061764255,51.4656976185173,51.4651140671274,51.4647367283035,51.4646465659264,51.4641316921527,51.4638931226801,51.4636135476036,51.4632633145837,51.4629876065761,51.4626470959343,51.4625425268254,51.4621966033394,51.4619201285395,51.4616065062255,51.4615454042752,51.4611845416114,51.4610964062588,51.460983933183,51.460902756341,51.4607952147018,51.4607001251143,51.4605185226528,51.4603437210837,51.4600735017349,51.4598348379404,51.4595754351268,51.4593922887342,51.4592932084736,51.459266589093,51.4591243789326,51.4586402870477,51.4585609950701,51.4586232416535,51.4582264835706,51.4580465516224,51.4580036349083,51.4577744019443,51.4575239296091,51.4572985606056,51.4570648253913,51.4568108385743,51.4566455463391,51.4565511978636,51.4561961228696,51.4557801277506,51.4556197495189,51.4555431418312,51.4554014541202,51.4552566840803,51.4550628544629,51.4548461028748,51.45470659885,51.4545614192446,51.4543405304738,51.453766076257,51.4533983386668,51.4529420048649,51.4524704723328,51.4521866332422,51.4518874162596,51.4518126056104,51.4515506927708,51.4509645056478,51.4506997409787,51.450451250281,51.4499631409987,51.449496987481,51.4486620935793,51.4484183049296,51.448171536797,51.4475064313292,51.4470927364784,51.4468001911221,51.4465896685643,51.4464231475115,51.4462312830147,51.4460896883267,51.4459457654663,51.4458486444219,51.4457465394425,51.4456091530651,51.4455375427196,51.4454527404408,51.4454116576733,51.4453925497481,51.445344838658,51.4453117684306,51.4449827479848,51.4446839200879,51.4444003701787,51.4441309128292,51.4439156504445,51.4435659723307,51.4432465559507,51.4432647614808,51.4432460218725,51.4432366441556,51.4429932309069,51.4429501901846,51.4428630141512,51.4428293581563,51.4427350921052,51.4427342191234,51.4426114830959,51.4428724497868,51.4432595742239,51.4435427636147,51.4434273224664,51.4432882842166,51.4431878881309,51.4431639889463,51.4430637460089,51.4429282041274,51.4428410608039,51.442778348925,51.4426469285514,51.4420106358376,51.4417964790486,51.4410972008799,51.4408641674606,51.440725674033,51.4405604490972,51.4399980644706,51.439962040647,51.4400401245567,51.4401887154475,51.440405785099,51.4400304248431,51.4400198462576,51.4399779052108,51.4398248729655,51.4396251096251,51.4396127593892,51.4395687152791,51.4395370158668,51.4394433247664,51.4392948157206,51.4392717082329,51.4392610275366,51.439220730858,51.4390204566412,51.4389895682146,51.4389817362709,51.4389468397362,51.4389071895529,51.4388760089905,51.4387475514379,51.4386525983647,51.4384782028102,51.4384153426146,51.4383214976031,51.4381505365145,51.4381338973072,51.4380995539356,51.4379988308213,51.4379775517927,51.4377964379954,51.4376502210838,51.4374190169397,51.4371920697465,51.4371302920761,51.4371143983702,51.4370074312301,51.4367920117849,51.4366080163161,51.4364478485296,51.4366305478202,51.4366885384892,51.4367415077947,51.4368796273204,51.4368577235711,51.4364521805283,51.4358889573226,51.4358618144402,51.4355105005267,51.4353622161852,51.4351283605918,51.4348892470296,51.4348854490098,51.4348551666956,51.4344595583255,51.4340927469905,51.4340037778514,51.4337559121471,51.4336473342771,51.4336273801419,51.4332996990865,51.4330368301282,51.4328544349596,51.432696206231,51.4324124092055,51.4323331083983,51.432315485539,51.4322713715683,51.4321831690116,51.432151405891,51.4319986233715,51.4319907984545,51.4316132502035,51.4308307044864,51.4314902924167,51.4315726319582,51.4317737688761,51.4313787630888,51.4312595337462,51.4299387178349,51.429653461442,51.4294349524591,51.4292101084422,51.4286799822063,51.4285875522312,51.4284768105834,51.4276074117391,51.4267220806745,51.426337554972,51.4260152161841,51.4256173292345,51.4255145748935,51.4253701989163,51.4253683511353,51.4250493689802,51.4247890117308,51.4244655373539,51.4243998526914,51.4243088432351,51.4242745833133,51.4242327929098,51.4242033041552,51.4241089900564,51.4237349896582,51.4240625571029,51.4250792527642,51.4250594648017,51.424874928432,51.4247223898035,51.424701693242,51.4246700979332,51.4246704576509,51.4246704279937,51.4245909550836,51.4248829989995,51.425162840098,51.426140057749,51.4261575594976,51.4265001183017,51.4275222351801,51.4276681499592,51.4279322829742,51.4284487059122,51.4289958635568,51.4296472707416,51.4301672487091,51.4304863155255,51.4312623865615,51.431529979985,51.4321347733987,51.4325330744301,51.4327178935994,51.433325966431,51.4337534343956,51.4343921273826,51.4348429671977,51.4350327643372,51.435239784783,51.4356504763157,51.4362194655864,51.4364046991155,51.4366028343789,51.4367851984494,51.4371691665967,51.4376531623533,51.4377451878679,51.4378752894665,51.4382992675325,51.438345671699,51.4386315357827,51.4389904855116,51.4390404839014,51.4392688846619,51.4394806597887,51.4396537519498,51.4399502432355,51.4402045681824,51.4407091156966,51.4407466834524,51.440811954825,51.4408793283754,51.4409859688598,51.4409961057528,51.4410460577663,51.4411509796477,51.4412645614882,51.4413360824465,51.4413992939702,51.4414520919753,51.4416524386065,51.4417844388292,51.441922634898,51.4419781733526,51.4420146434826,51.442047792171,51.4420517871861,51.4421404500269,51.4423100640282,51.4423509263209,51.4423871701104,51.4423879443726,51.4423886187162,51.442429256417,51.4424460065975,51.4424802281939,51.4424857945115,51.4426137446921,51.4426212330035,51.442670780591,51.4427775135906,51.4428991724715,51.4429164203599,51.4429637958786,51.4430699535095,51.4430755696428,51.4431423140907,51.4432033676479,51.4432283781061,51.4432403841314,51.4432993912092,51.4434432893819,51.4434952561566,51.4435301509496,51.4435411585377,51.4435917030004,51.4435969188141,51.4436722730781,51.4436541004183,51.4436508303011,51.4436902919258,51.4437920528649,51.4438194067895,51.4438946339506,51.4439447012708,51.4440071178549,51.4441539284681,51.4441718489423,51.444207359626,51.4442376292888,51.4443170736051,51.4443140503726,51.4443081033533,51.443275436908,51.4421160904385,51.4419775829666,51.4419523975262,51.4417410294996,51.4417052259568,51.4416278253004,51.4416244798278,51.4415898224362,51.4415769132338,51.4415325640524,51.4415106476479,51.4415433414031,51.4415786329606,51.4416053031556,51.4416444602538,51.4417383519206,51.4417967268615,51.4418528108932,51.4419012876361,51.4419531595513,51.4420838051661,51.442192872566,51.442367575287,51.4425739280149,51.4427159979137,51.4427352097786,51.4434091088538,51.4442109171529,51.4444411341459,51.4444445053303,51.4446598340689,51.4449925941461,51.4452336159651,51.4457017284022,51.4466913481251,51.4467775242446,51.4471413827951,51.4472046276999,51.447433356524,51.4476525232925,51.4480331035658,51.4481258270635,51.4482571846699,51.4484387145837,51.4485316418972,51.4486654028772,51.4487186183882,51.4489586449244,51.4490134196566,51.4491304092039,51.4492805352427,51.4494123678026,51.4495276872893,51.4500318726188,51.4506043436924,51.450621838483,51.4502269015877,51.4507320689043,51.4507350933078,51.4511230686027,51.4511964990698,51.4513488011027,51.4517049041042,51.4516884731948,51.4515826613479,51.4515898748756,51.4530022187224,51.4530396306161,51.4531381644873,51.45326705249,51.4535961640176,51.4538182013657,51.4541121262829,51.4541877568387,51.4542868003872,51.4543644261618,51.4544303454373,51.4545737419582,51.4545944344101,51.4547043106037,51.4547515648695,51.4547934770639,51.4550391724003,51.4550460566671,51.4553381795585,51.4554699598673,51.4555550435905,51.4556395655434,51.4556870321966,51.4557267660853,51.4558657849046,51.45596833305,51.4560370923041,51.4561774786433,51.4563070410091,51.4564600302581,51.4565500477969,51.4566143118435,51.4566152598046,51.4566850442395,51.4566994464974,51.4567659674711,51.4568775417755,51.4569650165821,51.4570160538191,51.4571664696575,51.4571974415388,51.4575198145187,51.4578542246315,51.4580879277794,51.458464596121,51.4586727927243,51.4590340856703,51.4593408951137,51.4595538769964,51.4598395713902,51.4602953475797,51.4608766948244,51.4611497702282,51.4614008846564,51.4617252048107,51.4620647764564,51.4622899193621,51.4625053503099,51.4627737384579,51.4630128920263,51.4632715434283,51.4636383608983,51.4638419017324,51.4640366647657,51.4640872081961,51.464449458371,51.4645810865013,51.4646571604755,51.4647359055847,51.4648537206243,51.4651095364615,51.4653169511792,51.4655645452223,51.4658200320387,51.4658743177687,51.4659956046915,51.46606725248,51.466096809921,51.4661237492643,51.4662007047069,51.46622859126,51.4662694035586,51.4663413061105,51.4664785686338,51.4666534671283,51.4667136957012,51.466723821331,51.4667574432151,51.4668065232346,51.466831924677,51.4669569099401,51.4670724305142,51.4672646340137,51.4673576246169,51.4674911355442,51.4676246805918,51.4677382930022,51.46789228668,51.4679916942546,51.4681218177365,51.4682857821631,51.4684312219233,51.468796650857,51.4698069869445,51.4698524361052,51.4698971023188,51.4698790315707,51.4698302850281,51.4698296268551,51.4698294313139,51.4697933340848,51.4697444420986,51.4697016653756,51.4695717668402,51.4694564173732,51.4693655271978,51.469254199426,51.4692143149399,51.4691692527472,51.4691608517105,51.4691597551886,51.4691162841922,51.4689812295218,51.4691315236536,51.4693235086924,51.4694456184519,51.4694911573873,51.4696347686058,51.469850333792,51.4699188836316,51.4699513242049,51.470000459056,51.4700527259619,51.4700797580085,51.4701669879978,51.4706200377167,51.4712731028039,51.4715698864688,51.4719123003766,51.4722743100708,51.4725293457962,51.4728169370429,51.4730798789139,51.4733137248298,51.4733486450151,51.4734315180969,51.473715246704,51.4738532262227,51.4738447534653,51.4737423752731,51.4735321356391,51.4734332956729,51.4733408063935,51.4731727807558,51.4729551709283,51.4728721844056,51.4726814822513,51.4724463648098,51.4723487790822,51.4722605930177,51.4721521489131,51.4720234747342,51.4719374982933,51.4718787948176,51.4718482607881,51.471834504541,51.4718118807097,51.4718154378181,51.471822187566,51.4718368127487,51.4719529698045,51.4721181180677,51.4724009069535,51.4725547040651,51.4725789988118,51.4726291023214,51.4727565752291,51.4727546832965,51.4727396793531,51.4727345729836,51.4726077731793,51.4725525676514,51.472388529621,51.4723407245745,51.4723521404454,51.472370204101,51.4723937040686,51.4724924498407,51.4726754512087,51.4725221638653,51.4721520002928,51.4721312835193,51.4719179473406,51.4719171461976,51.4718867025509,51.4717689822952,51.4713992957959,51.4706715655967,51.4701183899372,51.47005009239,51.4697822205324,51.4696560185151,51.4693794247605,51.4689365317918,51.4687670566889,51.4684720102783,51.4683076831326,51.468233932629,51.4680397302334,51.4680363089776,51.468150491798,51.4682619272201,51.4683302266473,51.4684800876072,51.4685491879494,51.4688602205361,51.468995795525,51.4690488156892,51.4692275218192,51.4690560707115,51.4692476995163,51.4692985084868,51.4693402339938,51.4693420312184,51.4694104751749,51.4694333363112,51.4694615886538,51.4694783990321,51.4695259605622,51.4696052147567,51.4697124701874,51.4699488373457,51.4700595595005,51.4700623039624,51.4702509181003,51.4705000057589,51.4705500355877,51.470586852718,51.4706110414512,51.4705249186193,51.4706454249907,51.4707481850378,51.4708793611569,51.4710634318896,51.4710693331866,51.4711021909146,51.4711894789254,51.471137871821,51.471229264717,51.4714673980409,51.47193815222,51.4719854878073,51.4720111108249,51.4720470804206,51.4720275597383,51.472041938561,51.4720554182307,51.4720788798193,51.4720974595456,51.4721845772455,51.4722871167327,51.4723712223053,51.4724172459627,51.4726129239062,51.4726764334406,51.4727252010941,51.4727821534518,51.4728483106333,51.4729219726213,51.4729878143928,51.4730177359324,51.4730832622818,51.4731239676255,51.4731599615862,51.4731742672464,51.4731699940073,51.4731837163677,51.4731976571274,51.47321414797,51.4733475316261,51.4734107260726,51.4734451891724,51.4734825424353,51.4735209886262,51.4735891862992,51.4736622169875,51.4737059819094,51.4737435293246,51.4738175309068,51.4738754543728,51.4739336702666,51.4740259836831,51.4739476093838,51.4739523452287,51.4740159757421,51.4740396305789,51.4740608808172,51.4740859433551,51.474086865074,51.4739664258459,51.4739854160754,51.4740879073666,51.4740994922816,51.4742709328183,51.4742827096788,51.4744642298232,51.4745325487956,51.474730874914,51.4750814785875,51.4751945826924,51.4752540368401,51.4753190533318,51.4753539066932,51.4753171605701,51.4752843736452,51.4752837426932,51.4752718461044,51.4752460791538,51.4751856067754,51.4753442516429,51.4752376567344,51.4752411783284,51.4753066556282,51.4754773430151,51.4756874958135,51.475756251368,51.4758509451516,51.4758610013282,51.4762343392992,51.476408937468,51.4764672744383,51.476548950506,51.4766240203092,51.4768427197585,51.4768713775891,51.4768841033925,51.4768995000786,51.4768990133186,51.4768962924801,51.4768812584138,51.4768767410451,51.4767699290835,51.4766863560058,51.4770031461009,51.4770372437673,51.4770681846064,51.477130601173,51.4773172915543,51.4778006506688,51.478130126184,51.4782036178471,51.4790309663078,51.4793776782093,51.4793426296957,51.479674911076,51.4796941939454,51.4797265180428,51.4797766423925,51.4799418961357,51.4799877944664,51.4800656775712,51.4812282465223,51.4813902592187,51.48142991731,51.4814753080126,51.48168285993,51.4816498009921,51.4817661788065,51.4817725665273,51.481806984523,51.4818416728237,51.4819367942138,51.4821874749208,51.4822765685387,51.4825246281931,51.4825679820339,51.4825981714145,51.482652623276,51.4828457531078,51.4830376437303,51.4830824526255,51.4831588573349,51.4831808603596,51.4832183084902,51.4832320050254,51.4832452392631,51.4832404776027,51.4832361272515,51.4831695814366,51.4829599862351,51.4829223179958,51.4828694141473,51.4828816457705,51.4828193494212,51.4828267737581,51.483059973642,51.4831272475197,51.4830971441577,51.4831534153316,51.4831307163667,51.4829601514115,51.4829438791512,51.482938225651,51.4829363178886,51.4829418192517,51.482947422194,51.4830378887551,51.4830731328738,51.4831067012481,51.4830564236412,51.4831127799682,51.4830541705789,51.4830761381047,51.4830813100166,51.4833118219339,51.4833778066498,51.4834156054119,51.4834289764561,51.4835601241023,51.4836084778428,51.4838172062072,51.4838561048509,51.4837352458532,51.4836558448867,51.4836067579274,51.4838270011064,51.4837919182816,51.4845184239823,51.4846159896022,51.4847070217744,51.4846814124206,51.484623633897,51.4849040756648,51.4848725429795,51.4849332395973,51.4848721182764,51.4849438919691,51.4850154535001,51.4856445891963,51.4858430435541,51.4859009060754,51.4862383151126,51.4861582480028,51.4860184209822,51.4858976225861,51.4860937731456,51.4862012863332,51.4862680925902,51.4863301359439,51.4863592499995,51.4865935781766,51.4865180522545,51.486714008048,51.4868673595824,51.4874223984086,51.487527317874,51.4876015476323,51.4877424599828,51.4878060046637,51.4877661160281,51.4879718641181,51.4880256638452,51.4884953966054,51.48845222486,51.4884601893762,51.4885424426981,51.4885884506254,51.4890847785959,51.4890922054957,51.4899447109206,51.4899642314745,51.4904650949117,51.4904897913924,51.4913719526522,51.4914195291951,51.4914651118909,51.4917899782111,51.4918597984327,51.4920586318272,51.4923207985302,51.492564291265,51.4928107775168,51.4930027579343,51.4929135145676,51.4931393053002,51.49330814021,51.4934149611623,51.4936646558142,51.4937033480947,51.4939857853824,51.4940209921698,51.4941106273583,51.4941577335248,51.4941652871895,51.4943916733273,51.4944116881402,51.4944488254525,51.4944866648479,51.4945243568574,51.4945849948305,51.4946980501965,51.494710693911,51.494729775197,51.4947570175566,51.4947988585904,51.495010137877,51.4951161091686,51.4951836760113,51.4954959834167,51.4952331985656,51.4963935073027,51.4964524070686,51.4965562367951,51.4974116796528,51.4974771970964,51.4983533350216,51.4983912848221,51.4988519104464,51.4988982815317,51.4988848696889,51.4993937246978,51.4994906597437,51.4996712626344,51.4997693571387,51.5001392054798,51.5009790212327,51.5012980730312,51.5013096338411,51.5015110672102,51.5017059895894,51.5017222870321,51.5017611657112,51.5019048834276,51.5019890973155,51.5019431984071,51.5020323958064,51.5020413817937,51.5021366910035,51.5021484709124,51.5022736460036,51.5027215289656,51.5029253944253,51.5030425618633,51.5031913671903,51.503336234408,51.5035250401797,51.5038143611584,51.5039657187703,51.5040599437976,51.5042409832876,51.504326874555,51.5045234769129,51.5046966571915,51.5047920681912,51.5048228117605,51.5048832890843,51.5048679618688,51.5048462018516,51.5047191741864,51.5044223097047,51.5043066989308,51.504087367522,51.5037352024899,51.503301152288,51.5030117519234,51.5018022657916,51.5017309043808,51.5015311397368,51.5011258970839,51.4994563213776,51.4988771122852,51.4986323570715,51.4981783987989,51.4981359517991,51.4979447051468,51.4978001756114,51.4976189939179,51.4973891229027,51.4973495687563,51.4973294536331,51.4970762163988,51.4970380552668,51.4969960772454,51.4966017209597,51.4964974598004,51.4964409639615,51.4963460675451,51.4962194728016,51.4960781281638,51.4960781034216,51.4959701461932,51.4959116311045,51.495893840266,51.4958795942813,51.495917820659,51.4954824333615,51.4954818215445,51.4954169535407,51.4953459048131,51.4953298610643,51.4952996519718,51.495254679924,51.4951961505837,51.4951249775161,51.4950738210362,51.4951471404711,51.4949992054538,51.494766213128,51.4948793918776,51.4947509969272,51.4946982745893,51.4946245416034,51.494454178346,51.4940148086048,51.4939458068871,51.4940832460184,51.4942963348775,51.49424937781,51.4940801504805,51.4939386791598,51.4938621451248,51.4938515069537,51.493855868667,51.4939112328703,51.4938844250438,51.4937954431621,51.4938262837888,51.4938652470117,51.4937558710021,51.4937889339725,51.4938952656599,51.4939496406326,51.4939159447031,51.4938977488618,51.4939452118471,51.4938485419675,51.4939123539128,51.4939581845344,51.4942084943649,51.4942438927113,51.4942476891496,51.4942667361961,51.4943541276219,51.4944204241012,51.4944892899121,51.4946757885761,51.4946964284484,51.494759873416,51.4948213722294,51.4948596574198,51.4948718083849,51.4948053787709,51.4948408650945,51.4948343206111,51.4948633423496,51.4948826859823,51.4949827249741,51.4950418259589,51.4950622322302,51.4951236907497,51.4953122818658,51.4953964946172,51.4954513086403,51.4954308250482,51.4954169736913,51.4954013493199,51.4953495016452,51.4953110349893,51.4951842994179,51.4950807482369,51.4950117036623,51.4949626561755,51.4949152295993,51.4949119045908,51.4947559778875,51.4946548741523,51.4945163137685,51.4944752220898,51.4944647680486,51.4945046130892,51.4944986259884,51.4944563831388,51.4944574727172,51.4944927991683,51.4944582797684,51.4944099736673,51.4940572301876,51.4940550541297,51.494058770688,51.4944240941094,51.4944506611524,51.4944592378468,51.4942031743089,51.4942019471558,51.4942158349946,51.494442981461,51.4944794573179,51.4945666448712,51.4946212066869,51.4944942047925,51.4945543540451,51.4945591871779,51.4946664473425,51.4945141692721,51.4945130679978,51.4945306201795,51.4947252419888,51.4947534475652,51.4947421523179,51.4949547073642,51.4950094837489,51.4950511385897,51.4951669098967,51.4955188056867,51.4959006759455,51.4960993928969,51.4959336194001,51.4958911708269,51.4958795662359,51.495949946392,51.4962728978606,51.4965070297361,51.4966924150957,51.497329455989,51.4981467179195,51.4988882937008,51.4988218378244,51.498861326762,51.4989026383431,51.4989945643837,51.499836126862,51.5004141362828,51.5004141107003,51.5006669291776,51.5006990241666,51.501018001746,51.5028126610095,51.5032929127882,51.5035244900262,51.5035491663246,51.5035007489747,51.5034133316918,51.5034231424695,51.5036654740446,51.5037331504397,51.5037979773593,51.5038865555304,51.503969636551,51.5040482730875,51.5043221780018,51.5050210975422,51.505043535613,51.5054464454073,51.5055562746655,51.5056628735842,51.5058556311606,51.506492124812,51.5079205424308,51.5083414969315,51.5087258156141,51.5088174663865,51.5089194125194,51.5090075203517,51.5090396088648,51.5090807035393,51.5090890154232,51.5090476828791,51.5089536306883,51.509215550699,51.5094039942641,51.5094903279172,51.509596485356,51.5096414630729,51.5096771548194,51.5096461454317,51.5095840445104,51.5095251678254,51.5094888916537,51.5094815504777,51.5094328736436,51.5093861174253,51.5094106708443,51.5094740530226,51.5095170248132,51.5096047199088,51.5097090763385,51.5098875060647,51.5101523391423,51.5102974049631,51.5105305691147,51.5107783939628,51.5111734527899,51.5114446653239]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.223425180211038,-0.223269121948767,-0.223112534958677,-0.222759163639294,-0.22172587754476,-0.220390229911776,-0.2197974915513,-0.219088692181997,-0.218994522965355,-0.217465526517659,-0.216850846832608,-0.21547790905639,-0.21518749771272,-0.214720107487179,-0.214767693644771,-0.213364742041129,-0.212780963813847,-0.212801425107596,-0.212644698937098,-0.212566017905328,-0.21174270265159,-0.210473689597838,-0.209056369329508,-0.207269639716489,-0.206987545290257,-0.205766455395799,-0.203438975932801,-0.202012342002208,-0.202010903261322,-0.200300992077403,-0.199983361355552,-0.199670637446194,-0.199111360561345,-0.199078305095839,-0.195540457849623,-0.195162995636535,-0.195093667336942,-0.195121092722375,-0.195127287975686,-0.195121516712632,-0.194990943362623,-0.195122670998983,-0.195126110051948,-0.195116489277647,-0.195164291353482,-0.195170217556294,-0.194924842932909,-0.19447776125468,-0.1941342110753,-0.194130131716856,-0.194436227083245,-0.194588834078171,-0.194590272720993,-0.194744713871187,-0.194685269896639,-0.194781777897367,-0.194832405440176,-0.194854472109154,-0.194851351557995,-0.194804766140528,-0.194698368688172,-0.194626783918218,-0.194586460441217,-0.194418869879356,-0.193882867039973,-0.194368222474642,-0.194411190508341,-0.194443110113651,-0.194473059030905,-0.194502192238709,-0.194551035474485,-0.194570523594617,-0.194609338044363,-0.194815342560185,-0.194839263716102,-0.194385212105688,-0.194217562274461,-0.194041135014101,-0.194128037825072,-0.192577957937094,-0.19234971433272,-0.191700666649411,-0.191256344623087,-0.190840547512359,-0.190328867827917,-0.190088187422621,-0.188869323838236,-0.188505436580395,-0.188454709089932,-0.187343743212457,-0.18711267887231,-0.18401503506065,-0.183439568213366,-0.182578971011573,-0.182351998965595,-0.182214544655188,-0.182005453812635,-0.181398800468606,-0.181313426748019,-0.18115825570107,-0.180933991241485,-0.180796834577371,-0.180720234834244,-0.180266635453288,-0.179289444088202,-0.179095972779779,-0.17894556345935,-0.178814986510914,-0.178502433452037,-0.178493513418963,-0.17845183409982,-0.178782020368951,-0.178561353250108,-0.177980320441257,-0.177974313971222,-0.177952241882537,-0.178479819232423,-0.178320236251456,-0.178236745952529,-0.177827538280603,-0.177749906847386,-0.177629761432912,-0.177305794256179,-0.177240871222402,-0.177239109801317,-0.177564737875592,-0.17756437972789,-0.177503930045328,-0.177470815431707,-0.177419203753114,-0.177377932522265,-0.177304542163568,-0.177279152929691,-0.177147625575193,-0.177135450569733,-0.177111786557446,-0.176886506965817,-0.176724407022537,-0.176640107387824,-0.176301768159235,-0.175946590356089,-0.175895012023302,-0.175781284725217,-0.175754775778587,-0.175733951603161,-0.175883806009014,-0.175853409909988,-0.175979992603129,-0.175997948578488,-0.176019540851844,-0.176023899289886,-0.176003146981733,-0.175680002772046,-0.175612654122572,-0.175805080901082,-0.175539467286821,-0.175455543148333,-0.175271396270685,-0.175153185769187,-0.174919891961328,-0.174658420987649,-0.174399462611657,-0.174180182181435,-0.17384418590115,-0.173768523779133,-0.173392870419865,-0.173098415559658,-0.172451570357492,-0.172157178853321,-0.172021244063028,-0.171629232220285,-0.171417087431359,-0.171318856846056,-0.171134490272437,-0.170968329090311,-0.170865062712047,-0.170667668650397,-0.16862314826118,-0.16789443509574,-0.167898791606703,-0.167786491706405,-0.167748527259227,-0.166266228565712,-0.165806765005484,-0.165763505127424,-0.165032802019596,-0.164996790771926,-0.164966064209163,-0.164915151508195,-0.164880933161746,-0.161550724742027,-0.157886867781603,-0.156247666570981,-0.153961151006976,-0.152875625519708,-0.15279071461766,-0.152143735109803,-0.150222607248987,-0.150187745254896,-0.150027526532978,-0.150016822882229,-0.149479951512979,-0.149251151962471,-0.149108183425674,-0.14803967747885,-0.147241313311061,-0.146703325845401,-0.146365735694644,-0.146163444177099,-0.143486928059933,-0.141614238499812,-0.140621907378002,-0.140390164104171,-0.140276897043098,-0.140077234717127,-0.138947850425302,-0.138388214816925,-0.138208593894998,-0.138091973229967,-0.13785105947607,-0.137616719768883,-0.137354362574865,-0.137307142024522,-0.136914809867336,-0.136901884798163,-0.13684214063454,-0.136819279840003,-0.136801092404133,-0.136768548464346,-0.136733455539962,-0.136679834691943,-0.136170982474178,-0.136120130089909,-0.135919855472681,-0.135775657267849,-0.135738308363287,-0.135664573417181,-0.134540907682445,-0.134542401786143,-0.134157569411664,-0.133197337953019,-0.133137281690714,-0.13271816537731,-0.132638399392832,-0.132441556058482,-0.13213676917714,-0.131998725485744,-0.131930312542015,-0.13200517224749,-0.131685753582438,-0.13148552102351,-0.131335731740823,-0.131165901286635,-0.130721325070672,-0.130556362114923,-0.13048937970689,-0.129963772457749,-0.129687498889917,-0.129349667829414,-0.129139046893621,-0.129137607524831,-0.128821548942545,-0.128504127792415,-0.128455634947445,-0.128368339650401,-0.128171746425765,-0.128035930845084,-0.127727240296149,-0.127052352814204,-0.126531888111467,-0.12636370163664,-0.1268735114221,-0.127049050673229,-0.127161070390208,-0.127279859397038,-0.127405731835023,-0.127496477292734,-0.127989872366079,-0.128635486439486,-0.129168138126041,-0.129459037650374,-0.129947544105655,-0.130188995280464,-0.130219991155674,-0.130311392382061,-0.130348292115677,-0.130352830338586,-0.13037057894711,-0.130441377616564,-0.130567883443736,-0.130583341377803,-0.130644934085059,-0.130661757702418,-0.130853681715717,-0.130985059354685,-0.131168547730105,-0.131344882250843,-0.131412327669543,-0.131544406160754,-0.131611697163077,-0.131736233738392,-0.131829554833591,-0.131877099887468,-0.131969545631798,-0.131988174234073,-0.131989613404247,-0.131992638614136,-0.132061425051187,-0.13210720693736,-0.132275060519122,-0.132632231914222,-0.13309478670857,-0.133319289629018,-0.133646005365873,-0.133833679708412,-0.133883435069424,-0.133883428269518,-0.133980314972322,-0.134057228864073,-0.134111659568437,-0.134244027297499,-0.134520328388082,-0.134527853658549,-0.134710816358809,-0.134952915412768,-0.134857818342357,-0.134872832032163,-0.135230572700357,-0.134706485337658,-0.134533929325043,-0.134461785208729,-0.134449154728915,-0.134479218523145,-0.13453725629124,-0.134502032056657,-0.134494241129245,-0.134486349288335,-0.134557768238402,-0.134721998398648,-0.134747570687607,-0.134798788605454,-0.135071693474869,-0.135238908700959,-0.135348765997193,-0.135596573204696,-0.135704414379685,-0.135787169730419,-0.135909923757828,-0.136080091248305,-0.136258599647836,-0.13627557456055,-0.136293988472524,-0.136310963396635,-0.136327901701608,-0.136343401018312,-0.136358900340684,-0.136374363044888,-0.136388350136404,-0.136492601886568,-0.136660960608793,-0.136918036893619,-0.137492551566589,-0.137849022389014,-0.138042859248309,-0.138349190603968,-0.138516013519783,-0.138678677816737,-0.138726920290969,-0.138746615389697,-0.139066285214347,-0.139159732313647,-0.139209474594352,-0.139270423241419,-0.139448975615883,-0.139502107721296,-0.13959971183484,-0.139578566067387,-0.139455972006275,-0.139316231136524,-0.139741292312205,-0.139866906594007,-0.140342638428323,-0.140981336509298,-0.141784401177271,-0.141495707066829,-0.141583978595376,-0.142676865558519,-0.143100405044462,-0.143240731508532,-0.146114549751295,-0.147298420822349,-0.149429105499227,-0.15034529735977,-0.150618707584456,-0.150643219361426,-0.150641475648971,-0.150565707922629,-0.150470385432594,-0.151231440776376,-0.150991820536176,-0.150982575894671,-0.150967264984522,-0.150793133141798,-0.150731777235593,-0.150660554465939,-0.150535730391458,-0.150462437872661,-0.150384793337291,-0.150054847132415,-0.149930470525412,-0.149785293435531,-0.149702639551016,-0.149693477708396,-0.149671310636056,-0.149390467703309,-0.14929908852732,-0.149217219484626,-0.14896436596369,-0.148664622769225,-0.148365722793896,-0.148340791231727,-0.148333429116793,-0.148153901906247,-0.148080133856551,-0.147976942510853,-0.1479699417333,-0.148001656770303,-0.147958023813109,-0.147780674414259,-0.147651125425807,-0.147631060829538,-0.147378014758044,-0.147729989815446,-0.147359944859507,-0.146569772482711,-0.144621475243336,-0.143768645666085,-0.143612289191087,-0.143147423439467,-0.142322636054121,-0.142327935919123,-0.14237261191223,-0.142443739774792,-0.142583743483739,-0.142820933837657,-0.142953301005233,-0.143073614191755,-0.143360173809905,-0.14361726891556,-0.144068747593553,-0.144647607053157,-0.144795221274943,-0.144937083514845,-0.145174942972024,-0.145283375391459,-0.145440413773798,-0.145566209467677,-0.145586470909457,-0.145589219755579,-0.145678603887794,-0.145696480678902,-0.145687979027091,-0.145603491085663,-0.145406958130769,-0.145146059783223,-0.144854929024878,-0.14474971375206,-0.144594185015967,-0.144467146896157,-0.144337834134178,-0.144003546047174,-0.143823619507832,-0.143620746018612,-0.143271215544749,-0.142768671607667,-0.142358688306549,-0.141615520990297,-0.140804329352142,-0.13904175197888,-0.137885144957469,-0.137370345974172,-0.137351542017351,-0.136751142692421,-0.136416885660881,-0.136395509492335,-0.136023276867431,-0.13598006283615,-0.135904030302223,-0.135941865685118,-0.136104211428924,-0.136424240542724,-0.136688365263256,-0.136807525528614,-0.137011418628809,-0.137047038864715,-0.137048586543168,-0.137371898974046,-0.137433244803409,-0.137477224864496,-0.137497636786352,-0.13751834113913,-0.137487863544698,-0.13747598205927,-0.137286305256631,-0.137301879418514,-0.13725980095914,-0.137259898657787,-0.137303354429347,-0.137381492348265,-0.137383478701173,-0.137401295266007,-0.13750418086666,-0.13768372603967,-0.137815477505515,-0.138003196962673,-0.138306848405831,-0.138508993160534,-0.138981959773895,-0.139119203996465,-0.139325293548115,-0.139381248135705,-0.139737149598729,-0.139912604839843,-0.139972939086074,-0.139877384990536,-0.139805082744063,-0.139759061017731,-0.139697625222881,-0.139648099374187,-0.139489628323096,-0.139110238463698,-0.138228777521511,-0.137857583541824,-0.137598979853489,-0.136931901315918,-0.13668618801318,-0.136522574237384,-0.136455597568822,-0.136150255057233,-0.135869692057119,-0.135594044813573,-0.135364988199971,-0.135264182248907,-0.135332096812983,-0.13537942978969,-0.135495550897682,-0.135930953451802,-0.136707716433853,-0.137223228720877,-0.137711865188074,-0.138398535918847,-0.138387045012409,-0.138382390212501,-0.138382463270683,-0.138385737843622,-0.138364627100931,-0.138394222797694,-0.138411108755534,-0.138437233308592,-0.138489413983481,-0.138541377515274,-0.138764492707366,-0.138871916501968,-0.138926413757535,-0.138932923226227,-0.138922158756224,-0.138866506581606,-0.138825117852714,-0.138530592292179,-0.138516606450055,-0.138302061314228,-0.137851931036043,-0.138171703589366,-0.138519110930354,-0.139046762255499,-0.139509898827732,-0.140405494752076,-0.140671447917503,-0.140884598857362,-0.140996350362542,-0.14117523852996,-0.141390897083819,-0.141576897391942,-0.141822372935828,-0.142024327768883,-0.142665209211279,-0.142792111039875,-0.143111502274547,-0.143512926228988,-0.143746986166281,-0.144003005062212,-0.144480272756119,-0.144505888939803,-0.144696518701063,-0.145005424234608,-0.145285840607153,-0.145294318797906,-0.145598824732928,-0.14577848716981,-0.145851626109895,-0.145882591925995,-0.145996103447251,-0.146053396177895,-0.146272107079773,-0.146474844395183,-0.146813638313732,-0.146918291124724,-0.147039990311314,-0.147440892015381,-0.147599141980721,-0.14766999042894,-0.147896312417742,-0.148188648831691,-0.148655071548329,-0.149227862473595,-0.149341252662643,-0.149548636735602,-0.149793791661289,-0.149923610528023,-0.150135707290301,-0.150284284728096,-0.150428273860037,-0.150547587781318,-0.15077360541155,-0.151000950837866,-0.151161946881068,-0.151327640493158,-0.151909774734159,-0.153295182873667,-0.155364713937201,-0.155759243191587,-0.156170427320984,-0.156841357728466,-0.157545093139999,-0.158187994772622,-0.158791125097147,-0.159289263753565,-0.159592145023198,-0.159678381579814,-0.159700694595222,-0.159699014197283,-0.159882855445242,-0.159918566829479,-0.160022235824973,-0.160019944804672,-0.160043744025649,-0.15991387673416,-0.160037208381347,-0.159965307705257,-0.15997307230713,-0.160083158712924,-0.160361824647139,-0.160361265428697,-0.16099519592065,-0.161181960509984,-0.161555955655827,-0.161599194616421,-0.161671170495535,-0.162719178104546,-0.163543356446854,-0.164139893187577,-0.164552124836984,-0.165093648178874,-0.165052605475168,-0.16488069740619,-0.164833467743318,-0.165072858628127,-0.166181069777441,-0.16652938173363,-0.166736902783587,-0.167032714780981,-0.167138614402154,-0.167563251978441,-0.167596778748361,-0.168425038152169,-0.168448072980775,-0.169189558712457,-0.169630666780133,-0.170633816545397,-0.17101729391959,-0.171068864172494,-0.171374221257586,-0.17158456354694,-0.172100628365195,-0.17223054279909,-0.172416087896237,-0.172839975134664,-0.173347063712362,-0.17359719541811,-0.173722882348717,-0.173771075406798,-0.174630397596768,-0.174606180497181,-0.174692935463203,-0.174823571997585,-0.175143138098504,-0.175586442506008,-0.175828310008758,-0.1765150263262,-0.177470674623817,-0.178000341513642,-0.178798824699208,-0.179073825989989,-0.180824003650698,-0.181939892038868,-0.183232415260877,-0.183945805579307,-0.184092749662233,-0.184347474928952,-0.184552676493016,-0.18456473748947,-0.184540560661142,-0.184523863897195,-0.184296137372592,-0.184197905032012,-0.184154089151462,-0.184248350398868,-0.184256798628705,-0.18433819178595,-0.184407073052232,-0.184393374902737,-0.184379951320198,-0.184419675963704,-0.184580268501119,-0.184736834092788,-0.184912684372076,-0.185288425131817,-0.185430760225636,-0.18576162641869,-0.186424469738152,-0.18657375024652,-0.18728934056314,-0.187301133240841,-0.187419484394074,-0.187453990598933,-0.188243498089568,-0.188332659018694,-0.188358412197421,-0.189254218530158,-0.18924461619795,-0.189088956918854,-0.189119611510457,-0.189796813190377,-0.189957853705527,-0.190224418281575,-0.190342472268046,-0.190408945079303,-0.190449147881699,-0.190473144860041,-0.190542706388736,-0.190667986604897,-0.190844903586018,-0.191062169196931,-0.191144053193562,-0.191159567405222,-0.191168833481667,-0.191176839261804,-0.191185164531795,-0.191183354182501,-0.191145492438381,-0.191132126173533,-0.19111875990248,-0.191103955814718,-0.191074347618658,-0.191059579010116,-0.191046177207008,-0.19103281089745,-0.190951210597782,-0.190866769946205,-0.190780926754434,-0.190779417925692,-0.19063957542993,-0.190373429215824,-0.190266013985427,-0.190184585662025,-0.190068895143049,-0.189886966137529,-0.189760138675801,-0.189643533172326,-0.189442146872972,-0.189350108782791,-0.189267470380858,-0.189215935152206,-0.189547891311205,-0.189728309642727,-0.189935053177359,-0.190271323786114,-0.190535253341024,-0.190667404992243,-0.190646065845111,-0.190530280074051,-0.190465088863047,-0.190461680109301,-0.190420369181559,-0.190313585784432,-0.190292068621343,-0.190210455706756,-0.189963362532542,-0.189941115590655,-0.189886678741991,-0.189802634601723,-0.189759174501374,-0.189945999801584,-0.19007088601829,-0.190063282946301,-0.190036700959779,-0.190030359842697,-0.190026060744335,-0.190039783085047,-0.190078930331022,-0.190092014938845,-0.190393794559876,-0.1925225132604,-0.192864304164488,-0.193416170744627,-0.194458345396505,-0.19454817699178,-0.194610534649988,-0.196452988874281,-0.196705661483956,-0.197170629580896,-0.198517409964959,-0.201605972422474,-0.202733909900188,-0.203000405713254,-0.203681763386592,-0.204255754594381,-0.204285381242103,-0.204557872934365,-0.205439355455684,-0.205889808031532,-0.206682568578134,-0.207289133318302,-0.207476285821847,-0.207876539504476,-0.208042645088993,-0.208317126025256,-0.20868542640525,-0.20912888738175,-0.209938332252755,-0.210387999286957,-0.210997070458147,-0.211683895869717,-0.212119564734948,-0.212229551457238,-0.212545867881214,-0.212779062713697,-0.212969083698439,-0.213151704448254,-0.21324597847812,-0.213781074797159,-0.214249463371049,-0.215108344415922,-0.215551198969986,-0.215707268986995,-0.215734730277203,-0.215920973551429,-0.215950120287915,-0.215990455638825,-0.216033702001042,-0.216076983443138,-0.216123175900613,-0.216169368424697,-0.216176383212553,-0.216238148417786,-0.21653150834728,-0.216885297993785,-0.217134355422567,-0.217331747670597,-0.217394494226774,-0.21745731079921,-0.217521600381402,-0.217585959968398,-0.217650319584253,-0.217714749194908,-0.217780616818306,-0.217846554426972,-0.217912562013192,-0.217978569613589,-0.218044647181222,-0.218069093006011,-0.218135205559783,-0.218201388066889,-0.218267605547387,-0.218333892968222,-0.218401618372328,-0.218466537726651,-0.218532930025951,-0.218597954252597,-0.218815929756103,-0.219158271219289,-0.219598844433089,-0.21970441146297,-0.220438226716745,-0.221130992468925,-0.223239723935903,-0.22427689451127,-0.224507851358219,-0.224798170198788,-0.225130714575872,-0.22550592724577,-0.225893260597383,-0.226982138649379,-0.227638466748739,-0.228809580410419,-0.229291141805464,-0.230098902664299,-0.230463497886138,-0.23090729984406,-0.231074279576481,-0.231323452736753,-0.231656137340715,-0.232210600086257,-0.233167972736865,-0.235159028956506,-0.236076933231897,-0.236899196999039,-0.237613192646629,-0.238478819471094,-0.239201427172269,-0.239814422873449,-0.240507879382365,-0.240711671387132,-0.241195600263304,-0.241717670851746,-0.242260961509502,-0.242767001989164,-0.243235885755999,-0.243729728241266,-0.244100108404933,-0.245016680538701,-0.245968259212372,-0.246407276287918,-0.247456751695841,-0.248235998992505,-0.248774215798102,-0.249689913160668,-0.25027666929051,-0.250648769989878,-0.250792659431678,-0.25091463804416,-0.251084098979243,-0.251065537247352,-0.251036556386915,-0.251039635417233,-0.251026295048623,-0.251037344257458,-0.251093463572339,-0.251214181109201,-0.251254537389131,-0.251299379015378,-0.251411694675382,-0.251474614850555,-0.251615177556386,-0.251670157047472,-0.251785867789072,-0.25198952722555,-0.252099864536896,-0.252609478368862,-0.252726457932758,-0.252843815004341,-0.252935221485619,-0.253024504565483,-0.253110500699725,-0.253256851396984,-0.253321929109266,-0.253399569547878,-0.253456119705922,-0.253449092647981,-0.253451236323361,-0.253473583385406,-0.253512198937161,-0.253556703554318,-0.253610007449281,-0.253738116637043,-0.253814154336307,-0.254034943401868,-0.254090577576609,-0.253273482903965,-0.252043111502103,-0.251151618974599,-0.249062922788719,-0.24793628154058,-0.245945745755057,-0.245026076157786,-0.244454412720561,-0.243774807414453,-0.243203269186391,-0.242729251502426,-0.242455681461838,-0.241963685538341,-0.241659478487056,-0.241629300276254,-0.242046906210449,-0.24256061541588,-0.243029004642084,-0.244244663129499,-0.244500053307515,-0.245047799014334,-0.245524788571522,-0.246009969965182,-0.246684128045195,-0.247076200532549,-0.247245172551122,-0.247286705187071,-0.247326352166795,-0.249285140936609,-0.252448423409467,-0.254988896444754,-0.259113080888369,-0.259080290727771,-0.259018560461488,-0.258954738462791,-0.258731686859389,-0.2585290765187,-0.258525994104693,-0.258340880578701,-0.25815055497255,-0.257702311774841,-0.257317522738801,-0.257246587437958,-0.25715575082662,-0.257153528102124,-0.257049296454716,-0.256984797866029,-0.256867616239681,-0.256825552634227,-0.256809899408928,-0.256808049824148,-0.258043451373944,-0.25802053637831,-0.258021975077938,-0.257905652882113,-0.25753448260018,-0.257519171199052,-0.257089279760676,-0.256601038801992,-0.256020357589563,-0.255536302906849,-0.253931914977305,-0.253554103744435,-0.252915542564481,-0.251828146434312,-0.251066037375099,-0.24944858348429,-0.249046257919987,-0.248641943371561,-0.248137557312544,-0.245048347320034,-0.243976097896884,-0.243014996135636,-0.241502569637108,-0.235574039193845,-0.235233092946074,-0.234896775897649,-0.234563649402307,-0.2333142397631,-0.233340819642826,-0.233407257358879,-0.233479543155605,-0.233568007474942,-0.233580209466072,-0.233649556609787,-0.233647204563629,-0.233649665835274,-0.23356684964512,-0.233414844451212,-0.233277350254628,-0.232830643675882,-0.23332724157847,-0.233392159623594,-0.233415835395262,-0.233447513761887,-0.23339020567389,-0.233226979126454,-0.233100680150545,-0.233014801368324,-0.232969930119326,-0.232950462614879,-0.232891041631496,-0.232895349002447,-0.2329469056857,-0.232948032198802,-0.233025079971979,-0.233009593658468,-0.232986063299889,-0.232949407769827,-0.232748343543538,-0.232740796470878,-0.232730063149232,-0.232695471238853,-0.232615399889741,-0.232108817183654,-0.231722798311351,-0.231492491372775,-0.231107980781797,-0.230968842659799,-0.230803440083932,-0.230745272645873,-0.230678888099044,-0.230382095551373,-0.229986753793482,-0.229687622671626,-0.229582733214464,-0.229455875475899,-0.229291045900623,-0.22922197154346,-0.229080492323997,-0.228766744821562,-0.228529394054334,-0.22839551653279,-0.228357080170875,-0.228124083226375,-0.227802250751847,-0.227072377103923,-0.226783993664805,-0.226342123686131,-0.225739145441287,-0.225572793510482,-0.224337930334984,-0.223728230121592,-0.223636133991769,-0.223566677909432,-0.223508524364632,-0.223461708256548,-0.223420438657906,-0.223380223988225,-0.223351416568084,-0.223338158877314,-0.223333822091861,-0.223339558374668,-0.223385392832387,-0.223442297861195,-0.223534445441536,-0.223541116906346,-0.22354199737702,-0.223527998885541,-0.223425180211038],"lat":[51.4715212021792,51.4714612857135,51.4715632255274,51.4717269283793,51.4709352114725,51.4698853085276,51.4694293844079,51.4688853665909,51.4688263843427,51.4678643340003,51.4675294594942,51.4668871906307,51.4667289986577,51.4665312421013,51.4664555305137,51.4658460516574,51.4656429166419,51.4655613968607,51.4655194408037,51.4655802895275,51.4653177438238,51.4649296894992,51.464469214486,51.4639212425242,51.4638458880691,51.4635961003888,51.463182773795,51.4629990392714,51.4629990172076,51.4628073202296,51.4627574815835,51.4627292994434,51.46271081837,51.4628191200052,51.4628744319891,51.4624073059232,51.4621211759071,51.4619003822087,51.461852817244,51.4616342102452,51.4610395931738,51.4606927114418,51.4606055369588,51.4604480197805,51.4600755661447,51.4599983217115,51.459905518153,51.4598536712678,51.4598411860107,51.4599445371589,51.4599942141888,51.4600667059697,51.4600667281237,51.460202195577,51.4613073600227,51.4614518270637,51.4615551212816,51.4616525802235,51.4617316663265,51.4617813071475,51.4617050309894,51.461622096793,51.4615495357179,51.4613823917878,51.461467658042,51.4618267414043,51.4618687687211,51.4618989356013,51.4619425608996,51.4620068564168,51.4622647945556,51.4623181505036,51.4623924868381,51.4626807216203,51.4628771267681,51.4628917170191,51.4626895011331,51.4627461342667,51.4629516029633,51.4630877839731,51.4631076456936,51.4631749725721,51.463234663378,51.4633010874343,51.4633894106483,51.4634324565636,51.463674417478,51.4637749074836,51.463747146135,51.4640995678674,51.4641904167393,51.4654113236472,51.4656910689695,51.4662622460905,51.4663945147054,51.4664841074364,51.4666373354228,51.4671575869066,51.4672407923796,51.4674137395445,51.467622483903,51.4677768257822,51.4678565699545,51.4684736119228,51.4697650551569,51.4700677964425,51.4700483746648,51.4702540738186,51.470184472479,51.4701915279223,51.4702619213469,51.4703587742817,51.4706934653408,51.470604404279,51.4706106057066,51.4706947924294,51.4707884186981,51.4711438418005,51.4713601636429,51.4723429823061,51.4725566970818,51.4728255046705,51.4727889951809,51.472864422354,51.4728724882404,51.4729395982958,51.4729485852496,51.4730924252494,51.4732007200267,51.4734840814157,51.4736524992581,51.4738680781488,51.4739270340988,51.4741560971526,51.4742809038926,51.4743326926108,51.4748183830959,51.4751279029752,51.4753280245133,51.4752903896128,51.4759997700801,51.4761014824047,51.4761006123726,51.4761514573037,51.4762041891769,51.4762379943471,51.476277987806,51.476353695641,51.4763728592497,51.4764091652037,51.4764443038198,51.4764952383519,51.4768705946296,51.4768983228212,51.4769840478011,51.4773971680207,51.4775154626325,51.4777634883124,51.477910924448,51.4781995502774,51.4784724497379,51.4787184101924,51.478908335064,51.4791719790036,51.4792274534776,51.4794742919629,51.4796351669658,51.4799650043433,51.4800881094236,51.4801381469685,51.4802534340968,51.4803004841023,51.480271974657,51.4803446364079,51.4803942012997,51.4804195680302,51.4804578542667,51.4809124355334,51.4810916934911,51.4810189221464,51.4810180667272,51.4811029024555,51.4813270255257,51.4813998728484,51.4815089049283,51.4815936925796,51.4815220881132,51.4814982267072,51.4814749486378,51.4814663198521,51.4819078441463,51.4824429509328,51.4826626842671,51.4829693251598,51.4831015066617,51.4831712101052,51.4832500425034,51.4834949241352,51.4833954562798,51.4834396898716,51.4835618195052,51.4836243892666,51.4836549499395,51.4836643836483,51.4836601025692,51.4836358005399,51.4836192056168,51.4835976829565,51.4835782984141,51.4832005313367,51.4829613407179,51.482819713891,51.4827809679744,51.4827683805634,51.4827553219595,51.4827257123218,51.4827105340685,51.4827004882183,51.4826995357606,51.4827091989714,51.4827342534394,51.4827399780295,51.4824496677342,51.4824641176298,51.4826752372645,51.4826922730955,51.4827584547443,51.482780647137,51.4828017121496,51.4828146433519,51.4828227838486,51.4829396932593,51.4829505752717,51.4829878581505,51.4829567895583,51.4829543972567,51.4829613182467,51.4832150225573,51.483284288999,51.483361796907,51.483598305262,51.4835523863562,51.4836581199104,51.4836010958134,51.4836600095563,51.4837522745297,51.4836763365439,51.4837292020171,51.4838005365311,51.4840040749579,51.4841105936608,51.4841810464183,51.4842484818147,51.4844482243652,51.484502247644,51.4845200641178,51.4846231907795,51.484687127967,51.4847770601766,51.484820461272,51.4848204383072,51.4849062200969,51.4850252517628,51.4850487577115,51.4849646328526,51.484735781553,51.4847462030356,51.4847223902695,51.4846019032901,51.4845090588933,51.4844659051229,51.4838697497978,51.4836279560563,51.4833545728354,51.4828807634482,51.4824097648112,51.4820227351864,51.4818615530206,51.4816407495308,51.48147029713,51.4813652287741,51.4811823782946,51.4806664586374,51.4806480685198,51.4805964698483,51.4805745768103,51.480569253634,51.4805578463004,51.4804465681056,51.4802408568541,51.4802150248665,51.4802232008734,51.4801991891607,51.4799432628917,51.479759211006,51.4796038664784,51.4794825794014,51.4794180085172,51.4792519523079,51.4791559048763,51.4789276795852,51.4787232367463,51.4786169827365,51.4784691789933,51.4784362032831,51.4784362262108,51.4784326773803,51.4784409672619,51.4783778493797,51.4781467165327,51.4776524187271,51.4770105212182,51.4766966579858,51.4762423387938,51.4759485712626,51.4758585382347,51.4756822838344,51.4756370644433,51.4755519598381,51.4752767542519,51.4751736475882,51.4748956772974,51.4748877037151,51.4749562602447,51.4747047225399,51.4746708366094,51.4746557880718,51.4742873873899,51.4740740205498,51.4739975362445,51.4739658136733,51.4739224483874,51.4738914527356,51.4738806857966,51.4737910989492,51.473770292086,51.4736460690835,51.4734484696174,51.4733054027896,51.4733139029167,51.473329105807,51.4730987408068,51.4729530229722,51.4728720384854,51.4727626728109,51.4727311150603,51.4727144457262,51.472705606314,51.4726993190309,51.4727003581383,51.4727078220162,51.4727153087648,51.4727227726377,51.4727311351827,51.4727394748528,51.4727478145209,51.4727570528616,51.472767167003,51.4728236786356,51.4729324666137,51.4730903246869,51.4725958685407,51.4722930855262,51.4721298014106,51.4719620083984,51.4718963135554,51.4718620264395,51.4719149491591,51.4719970941558,51.4718906604699,51.471858871102,51.4718749479057,51.4718633255806,51.4717924200242,51.4717959609037,51.4717327631732,51.4717216365707,51.4716558440552,51.47151604026,51.4713672136523,51.4713233444947,51.4715925745952,51.4712888626441,51.4709086177792,51.4706783286697,51.4706320672454,51.4700639688947,51.4705194063444,51.4704676732921,51.4693342238085,51.4688637417347,51.4680152209962,51.4676825655692,51.4676149380845,51.4674004025778,51.4672654866954,51.4663263676108,51.4659777511042,51.465884541388,51.4642261313913,51.463956208716,51.4638363661604,51.4630512667326,51.4628596566012,51.4626984655116,51.4624743801249,51.4623644138719,51.4622552781671,51.4618705860711,51.4617067572417,51.461487745348,51.4613245746962,51.4613019486817,51.4612449456535,51.4593619651056,51.459094342527,51.4588763291392,51.4584370966412,51.4579116936398,51.4573656201852,51.457305875415,51.4572032437787,51.4564108599432,51.455957368058,51.4551284207594,51.4549457608176,51.4548734219547,51.4547423402576,51.4538609633168,51.4529722479201,51.4529701323652,51.4529634359405,51.4523395169742,51.4522365497011,51.4520235250046,51.4514792291836,51.4512148352395,51.4511664971551,51.4510952874546,51.4509913951646,51.4509671991546,51.4507529841874,51.4505607705653,51.450338174146,51.4500613632054,51.4499204779466,51.4497928904889,51.4495051701131,51.4493051098527,51.4490316896301,51.4487045297469,51.4485423015284,51.4482378991606,51.4476598422747,51.447327932746,51.4468619031975,51.4463144458458,51.4459919322604,51.4459596024076,51.4458845793221,51.4458695746963,51.4458307720598,51.4453941939943,51.4449171750586,51.4444661150691,51.4440865167669,51.4439130929894,51.4437029023606,51.4434643861824,51.4432465168195,51.4426540076805,51.4423004472909,51.4418386119693,51.4417998034283,51.44177295777,51.441770058346,51.44175108461,51.4417418183878,51.4417030582683,51.441695481668,51.4417223738009,51.4417247727867,51.441804257623,51.4418852730829,51.4419155081129,51.4420103068787,51.4420114182251,51.4420057128362,51.4417832977705,51.4415421795707,51.4411390033521,51.4407304413194,51.4405956477395,51.440252672908,51.4402613323754,51.4402586591892,51.4403402343295,51.4402117155133,51.4401917313293,51.4401497903873,51.4401006599993,51.4400363281984,51.4400100608375,51.4398622657969,51.4397977664805,51.4397710192357,51.4397332518185,51.4396907778392,51.4393970618189,51.4393836044642,51.439087131363,51.4388216855846,51.4385817377412,51.4384201653471,51.4382621796591,51.4380484822979,51.4379248968475,51.4377579502959,51.4377088713204,51.4375943397148,51.4375628545124,51.4373023220141,51.4370209398735,51.4368816125406,51.4362587066309,51.4358780709077,51.4356651148318,51.4354420222166,51.4353153395706,51.4351788343334,51.4348140063573,51.434059017179,51.4337761479896,51.4338026142022,51.4339322979041,51.4339247950402,51.4339149998816,51.4338285051506,51.4328470514101,51.431964010353,51.4312078426559,51.4306502531583,51.4303348067567,51.4302567521039,51.4302602028985,51.4302701435183,51.4303175356987,51.4303901371859,51.4304486899236,51.4304960222205,51.4305554905799,51.4304842663487,51.4304572145471,51.4304554171828,51.4303394643492,51.4299740285207,51.4295644349164,51.4290782021023,51.4287539832496,51.4283195689062,51.4279966596388,51.4268248665218,51.4260927738902,51.4252825040799,51.4247682289893,51.4245729179728,51.4238184517378,51.4236334455354,51.4226692541406,51.4226240688383,51.4220280464566,51.4211063443373,51.4208470411073,51.4205800825663,51.4201954838109,51.4198764040928,51.4192494429033,51.4191106795604,51.4189971566788,51.4189368801419,51.4188524889563,51.4187479975711,51.418665517094,51.4185704903643,51.4184846650865,51.4182502237195,51.4182063723288,51.4180972267404,51.4179866819756,51.4179247431638,51.4178532597434,51.4177520061267,51.4177587065332,51.4178102846836,51.4178889140102,51.4180318386202,51.4180355698444,51.4181518970189,51.4182257814348,51.4182665061412,51.4182831827726,51.4183569195622,51.4183982927246,51.4185735115339,51.418717003089,51.4189103066712,51.4189542267875,51.4189678413793,51.4189768768885,51.4189757811796,51.4190020803211,51.4191315539177,51.4193358096964,51.419574289004,51.4198144461885,51.4198558042977,51.4199202286884,51.4199753571047,51.4200016865355,51.4200562923823,51.4200811189658,51.4200770965531,51.4200430089248,51.4199665409767,51.419892791331,51.4198593606691,51.4198520824932,51.4200393173566,51.420458629017,51.4211054156362,51.421237521107,51.4213132337698,51.4215108333921,51.4217512101275,51.422002317006,51.4222411051255,51.4224440692917,51.4225666289491,51.4224250005601,51.4224424368773,51.422591687825,51.4226341418061,51.4222821921557,51.4223152938471,51.4222648992621,51.4222095187017,51.422184099066,51.4219783060057,51.4219421060321,51.4219278397557,51.4218369441199,51.4219177556513,51.4218242237236,51.4209376090716,51.4206204024796,51.4199383348661,51.4198643744381,51.4198628056412,51.4199107134213,51.4199452129027,51.4199896298836,51.4200392509662,51.4200926933844,51.4201837754091,51.4201666956483,51.4203404127147,51.4203963180362,51.420521574442,51.4205513038996,51.4205770316354,51.4206248228475,51.4206021989773,51.420701462741,51.420726266955,51.4209109722546,51.4209823737919,51.421215176873,51.4213704444843,51.4217143364207,51.4218722962381,51.4219135676875,51.4220828968742,51.4222183696696,51.4225141824309,51.4225746603711,51.4226467967541,51.4228377539578,51.4230704730174,51.4231822822345,51.4230241725809,51.4230420094442,51.4233512522037,51.4233814498538,51.4234061817204,51.4234486828039,51.4235507788203,51.42368807272,51.4237547855177,51.4239201440584,51.4241229532843,51.4242229127303,51.424327047077,51.4243564991031,51.424546442814,51.4247355157295,51.425548703343,51.4262036277109,51.4263794611736,51.426957133795,51.4276230652147,51.428589054586,51.4291264360419,51.4294750892757,51.4305021106396,51.4309115494352,51.4312184165914,51.431272033752,51.4312766609096,51.4313282801413,51.4313689144252,51.4314604264642,51.4316175885177,51.4317405027981,51.4319354311926,51.4321231029335,51.4322598154406,51.4325075333833,51.4326913868077,51.4331641219059,51.4329558601218,51.4329644645364,51.4329863243469,51.4329064728879,51.4320971736746,51.4320977072706,51.4321054169715,51.4320699255694,51.4321098908982,51.4318305753605,51.4318187366864,51.4316077043923,51.4315964876585,51.431351559268,51.4315356960225,51.4317799135478,51.4318869492355,51.431988692198,51.4320999213841,51.4322207921909,51.43239002697,51.4325691143563,51.432788565873,51.4330428115327,51.4332643929338,51.4333086958944,51.4333654920176,51.4334177724109,51.433461964429,51.4335077985498,51.4336286138389,51.4336391986432,51.433649783446,51.4336603460585,51.4336814712776,51.4336911351761,51.4337026186783,51.4337132034708,51.4337757912933,51.4338374359648,51.433898159672,51.4338999348953,51.4340893178738,51.4345986844664,51.4348047542261,51.4350085273578,51.435278316333,51.4358042695042,51.4361737035769,51.4365756685826,51.4373387240123,51.4376286611945,51.4381174789883,51.43854742631,51.4385579493555,51.4386164896057,51.4387734549241,51.4388568822173,51.4389140127204,51.438919649621,51.4389498949234,51.4391126713785,51.4393059041844,51.4393193403928,51.4393088108588,51.4392801846934,51.4393149234601,51.4394503502594,51.4397315990195,51.4398211810259,51.4400334639307,51.4400483526976,51.440055774851,51.4404255559659,51.4407970781752,51.4409894013776,51.4411886255737,51.4413126248641,51.4414213683458,51.4414746362724,51.4414671474186,51.4414637524246,51.4414009673656,51.4410956900078,51.4410398103335,51.4409476002498,51.4407550301262,51.4407393279059,51.440836508566,51.4404548104687,51.4403597797623,51.4402815025526,51.4400261367375,51.4394584718271,51.4392419650449,51.4391974910154,51.4390676506436,51.4389604414498,51.4390121527739,51.4389614722902,51.4387915226478,51.4387156865242,51.4386432875128,51.4385122819988,51.4384728791439,51.4384295401471,51.4384131952054,51.4383850177624,51.4383492808896,51.4383047993864,51.4382101519725,51.4381540701957,51.4380689457486,51.437945437253,51.4378792435122,51.4378629359496,51.4378317896579,51.4378290505661,51.4378265520834,51.4378293360054,51.4378469595878,51.4378506184099,51.4378307772499,51.4377961980056,51.4377669703153,51.4377495625082,51.4377463835013,51.4379146807472,51.4379421019334,51.4379777866692,51.4380126164401,51.4380465474757,51.4380796235423,51.4381126995912,51.4381173026031,51.4381569103711,51.438345720875,51.4384976812642,51.438568014231,51.4385979938575,51.4386124368593,51.4386250823872,51.4386368510274,51.4386468221918,51.4386567933211,51.4386649669743,51.4386731624553,51.4386795604583,51.4386841609833,51.4386887614711,51.4386915644806,51.4386919360942,51.438693840332,51.4386939470911,51.4386931550921,51.438690565614,51.4386879979538,51.4386835891034,51.4386783033498,51.4386711982636,51.4386529285576,51.4386185628503,51.4385371285465,51.4385234446025,51.4384491581481,51.4385055349795,51.4387434452755,51.4388607767861,51.4385819101612,51.4386645419951,51.4387343236782,51.4387427019707,51.4386982066638,51.4385950809105,51.4385150811139,51.4384059877608,51.4383431214491,51.4382537050356,51.438201657334,51.4381849754462,51.4381829991078,51.4381390986723,51.4380191219648,51.4378566273175,51.4375437340129,51.43691547604,51.4366550206946,51.4364120039846,51.4361781448032,51.4359294742763,51.4356957349004,51.4355062069739,51.4352819136096,51.4352202263728,51.4350943993756,51.4349493590144,51.4348136270487,51.4346737371641,51.4345647620018,51.4344426701756,51.4343510999222,51.4340851595307,51.4338440156026,51.4337255883971,51.4334822999499,51.4332700347801,51.4331530812071,51.4329086734066,51.4327636617632,51.4326640033621,51.4326256844421,51.4325960308979,51.4325661864372,51.432637849463,51.4328316549777,51.4332030910096,51.4334393946005,51.4335267866679,51.4337902048461,51.4340950529665,51.4341684942388,51.4342375061621,51.4343479908377,51.4343956903859,51.4344823164768,51.4345119124905,51.434571190221,51.4346632531109,51.4347125586534,51.4349683493536,51.4350321412981,51.4350860470097,51.4351413643309,51.4352146349151,51.4352986474336,51.4354599954375,51.4355643788051,51.4357166095167,51.4358937049056,51.436077946238,51.4363612415844,51.4365675025368,51.4366490102754,51.4367270087436,51.4368006420428,51.4369500273713,51.4370311932275,51.4372404099467,51.4372906972564,51.4376265338274,51.4381216647019,51.4384833546584,51.4393361365531,51.4397878115491,51.4405916474787,51.4409726530675,51.4412086890838,51.4414826722056,51.4417151070471,51.4419184265693,51.4422227677999,51.4427441489427,51.4430965883233,51.4431330048795,51.4436122731486,51.4441748122881,51.4447186848525,51.4460776779953,51.4463602697295,51.4468999266181,51.4473710783049,51.4478540407513,51.4485133824218,51.44891041838,51.4490829026469,51.4491257882413,51.4491803358498,51.4501187432523,51.4516658834049,51.4529060175436,51.4549321834559,51.4552644174444,51.4556384862018,51.4559918412,51.4564822144134,51.456927029304,51.4569323789912,51.4573333904131,51.4576821678667,51.4583400498434,51.4588055355567,51.458967244564,51.4591601312763,51.4593318540848,51.4594984634762,51.4596045148014,51.4597331632072,51.4597792985664,51.4598501062076,51.4598608696507,51.4602686043611,51.4603033344555,51.4603033558313,51.4604850734814,51.4610083138734,51.4610323659326,51.4616608431035,51.4623846702857,51.463040576353,51.4634650128488,51.4646515146128,51.4648940791931,51.4652163872739,51.4652280558532,51.465204100908,51.4650720535668,51.4650516581032,51.4650456194725,51.4650587669146,51.4652382794111,51.4652303184444,51.4651772524978,51.4650475684045,51.4644126586005,51.4643688596472,51.4643170361662,51.464257166534,51.4639910539573,51.464272019577,51.4644528700585,51.4649296608853,51.4653230654006,51.4653799017916,51.4657091716637,51.466031066613,51.4660418946545,51.4661359671622,51.4662694632679,51.4663627117255,51.4666338471012,51.4675684541472,51.4677142110016,51.4678467569788,51.4681448848931,51.4683985082257,51.4688222916428,51.4691845832948,51.4696931618629,51.4700719676212,51.4703522390981,51.4707721908509,51.4712569494916,51.4716740774616,51.4716821876538,51.4720358532403,51.4721012648301,51.4721512680109,51.4722055696181,51.4724156606735,51.4724991768074,51.472516100709,51.4725542469112,51.4726141887484,51.4727935950825,51.4727967667569,51.4728319609321,51.4728333548398,51.4728195655312,51.4727775031355,51.4727550435511,51.4727216689901,51.4725400386182,51.4723749047919,51.4722166177287,51.4721736687132,51.4721402795923,51.4721207048506,51.4721196617034,51.4721292151897,51.4721253753925,51.471970716312,51.4719327237465,51.4719213520393,51.471877365241,51.4717106370252,51.4714469148988,51.4713832037424,51.4713045807587,51.4711848507101,51.4710933079101,51.4708569959439,51.4707623326044,51.4707609373898,51.4707697768339,51.4707841829663,51.4708032570853,51.4708278107092,51.4708622720234,51.470899603913,51.4709443653916,51.4710189372031,51.4710936616455,51.4712481274199,51.4713029444661,51.4713771796306,51.4713907694161,51.4714051707111,51.4714319360398,51.4715212021792]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.244562394525054,-0.244599320172113,-0.244844556993495,-0.245004706957631,-0.245283551174249,-0.245434317047997,-0.245329344589783,-0.24551515163453,-0.245577086880902,-0.245607040187852,-0.245609220137082,-0.245578976104535,-0.245466992646855,-0.245464517860844,-0.24542475783049,-0.245358808258378,-0.245285675777181,-0.24504492678347,-0.244973820562021,-0.244887748292518,-0.244840800740008,-0.24482189490852,-0.2447158229274,-0.244621356052257,-0.244556827507824,-0.244776670495564,-0.244771453453947,-0.244727310425948,-0.244709404830595,-0.244652229769563,-0.244640462909713,-0.244763480396168,-0.244638417252131,-0.244545102381268,-0.244420592949063,-0.244559708256374,-0.244595912291178,-0.245004511458192,-0.24513164422449,-0.245292566355505,-0.245372899178943,-0.246005375524221,-0.246355362270452,-0.246905748151743,-0.247253988462307,-0.247496350307261,-0.247767447302033,-0.247979845785135,-0.24858278277138,-0.248890587028638,-0.249234592733949,-0.249246897069326,-0.249394171043947,-0.250015417310079,-0.250735588193815,-0.251025894293462,-0.251128222137811,-0.250992657651919,-0.25127158636315,-0.2513207754035,-0.251348099849478,-0.251363320020469,-0.251646229640746,-0.25184351532412,-0.252142481576564,-0.252366275288255,-0.252839275573415,-0.252762093597656,-0.253023194689765,-0.253083914815465,-0.253144868826358,-0.253114687674095,-0.253110264592396,-0.253080743001875,-0.253075938499289,-0.25307333004509,-0.25311035088739,-0.253183142627614,-0.253258987305624,-0.253243377793592,-0.253325346629864,-0.25335598690028,-0.253365857799825,-0.253407546993714,-0.253492365640373,-0.253666120751196,-0.253923531627042,-0.254175285061423,-0.254372217898176,-0.254425392650876,-0.254479803879035,-0.254502123824569,-0.254511963927278,-0.254562501533756,-0.255072305081513,-0.255067881842855,-0.255090373884579,-0.254868045882763,-0.254568042559866,-0.254558305413356,-0.254539756100215,-0.254307488997205,-0.253659207082728,-0.253684163589159,-0.253764450304664,-0.253712332228431,-0.252794262611858,-0.25259151514012,-0.252543717018517,-0.252527242264868,-0.252515381661655,-0.251246439352748,-0.251046473256993,-0.250838152613411,-0.250334650055854,-0.250027809007362,-0.249928994172562,-0.249891602651306,-0.249875376848276,-0.249868996703081,-0.249676782517271,-0.249487448702362,-0.249440457551052,-0.24943109373773,-0.249348188497358,-0.249280406029551,-0.24903980217263,-0.248080849107024,-0.248034183965734,-0.248011192399308,-0.246645032038061,-0.24628458832787,-0.245702706526587,-0.245715899364,-0.24571154458975,-0.24602277191114,-0.246229150076639,-0.246281243279912,-0.246380187420774,-0.246435463135824,-0.24647668277433,-0.246511098092239,-0.246517211459951,-0.246513770215146,-0.245176273651589,-0.245086811603223,-0.245356445068534,-0.245466599367844,-0.245746582357116,-0.245779806939912,-0.245775823973405,-0.245850407232831,-0.245951226269274,-0.246053973386426,-0.24621675177377,-0.246230291619569,-0.24643976234593,-0.246447644853864,-0.24665028167628,-0.247208584852578,-0.247721363459645,-0.248401810341311,-0.248813460360818,-0.248996318319941,-0.249051893374373,-0.249070542479002,-0.24909190008604,-0.249132816635406,-0.249284038419299,-0.249361235452203,-0.249439929147136,-0.249752191367409,-0.250226572055469,-0.250604863702891,-0.250704794516096,-0.250713535397642,-0.250720835744296,-0.250728136101554,-0.250732555369497,-0.250735499658461,-0.250737037833223,-0.250736934531,-0.250736997719915,-0.250735654787873,-0.250732836863194,-0.250727172254257,-0.250721507635991,-0.250713065194904,-0.25070331992161,-0.250692134075013,-0.250679542088001,-0.250666915649485,-0.25065144250433,-0.250637409904213,-0.250628112222328,-0.250598709693493,-0.250567900965658,-0.25053421102778,-0.250499080441353,-0.250485392066104,-0.250305077651119,-0.250589175341629,-0.250691904702017,-0.251923483032,-0.252018637736867,-0.252093019474351,-0.252255220266168,-0.252452516700966,-0.252641202285754,-0.252660594468171,-0.252639134608468,-0.252529260877861,-0.252392820564475,-0.252303584391726,-0.251134966394311,-0.250667991457703,-0.25036494664748,-0.250295362523473,-0.25029501799867,-0.250294758215163,-0.250295676023826,-0.250621129544056,-0.250560505778765,-0.250236800342279,-0.250066102393603,-0.250135772842784,-0.25046851820038,-0.250392417153112,-0.249644603297306,-0.249568741084899,-0.249434857985348,-0.249342925460516,-0.249325945367021,-0.248854516826423,-0.248477230004065,-0.248508162827453,-0.247725957460845,-0.246955728808846,-0.246634955717952,-0.246329729637181,-0.246048869479986,-0.246006806506412,-0.245922749610662,-0.245840168138947,-0.245550750681565,-0.245406486036937,-0.24526907319431,-0.245340220957068,-0.246286728371059,-0.246372537872892,-0.246994553483826,-0.246944654718952,-0.246938683792923,-0.246582745699876,-0.246435469374151,-0.246371174883184,-0.24631140053296,-0.246214011225903,-0.246037921512863,-0.244757884720161,-0.244504437385978,-0.243934178505555,-0.243649413842306,-0.243513665891102,-0.243428996317394,-0.243230250342031,-0.24210321491244,-0.241101872723953,-0.240935471656608,-0.240499530679852,-0.240129436347384,-0.23949146478875,-0.239252094835645,-0.238569226713508,-0.237350121473597,-0.236799819777431,-0.236485762083832,-0.235452872846361,-0.23538750860816,-0.235104297929368,-0.235088343134675,-0.234628794138668,-0.234423880320177,-0.23421838388005,-0.234188645420058,-0.233860032960838,-0.233253089486244,-0.232949154571273,-0.232354928363234,-0.231614106594473,-0.231394108866028,-0.23109812717038,-0.230742430263379,-0.230469634713913,-0.2300772560577,-0.229918885131167,-0.229428517109283,-0.229198137884288,-0.228811992964182,-0.2287163820221,-0.228503133845418,-0.228727736883045,-0.228365715692301,-0.228324897504622,-0.228269915210838,-0.228207589317707,-0.228019321662021,-0.227826792586197,-0.227740068544771,-0.22758837354478,-0.227507857825671,-0.227457923542368,-0.227412162581181,-0.227377709176939,-0.227355061621034,-0.227347659812505,-0.227350562640496,-0.227414195723221,-0.22741689294067,-0.227392007892025,-0.227375003814033,-0.227298787993804,-0.227271445308323,-0.227195200341853,-0.226619904418706,-0.226733526512725,-0.226729425739927,-0.226820454554121,-0.228070953387758,-0.228077162486972,-0.228301584422097,-0.226722789415285,-0.226768458702075,-0.226701127616814,-0.226625886495167,-0.226563156635885,-0.226528714071974,-0.226484162042741,-0.226472672629347,-0.226426810604511,-0.226369686901501,-0.225894806936765,-0.225677559266973,-0.225299074589942,-0.225077188216975,-0.224917540572112,-0.224747461150394,-0.224464288172443,-0.224277205852929,-0.224299896491486,-0.224315070170865,-0.223668166055854,-0.222927844888432,-0.222751236352168,-0.222604056713716,-0.222402234233289,-0.222277029878832,-0.222032251472028,-0.221757252879562,-0.221480113547305,-0.221478918210335,-0.221463308851173,-0.22149718611154,-0.221359907007877,-0.221131687685811,-0.2205380573209,-0.220435988082761,-0.220345962877528,-0.220333910833618,-0.22026897968613,-0.220139363489357,-0.220040387872764,-0.219937127150377,-0.219882139602648,-0.219834423694162,-0.219789588527418,-0.219768471149151,-0.219570826371373,-0.219518402069586,-0.219300798800552,-0.219286533196688,-0.218844567065654,-0.217888690136023,-0.218053329699148,-0.217840877864895,-0.217793139485831,-0.217647008735966,-0.21760050011064,-0.217555326479745,-0.217511557989651,-0.217489673734852,-0.217246206341242,-0.217209744146115,-0.216994995526059,-0.216960252749917,-0.216963270251018,-0.216993513466116,-0.217010092830102,-0.216984307328735,-0.216913062881079,-0.216859664502065,-0.216815363850062,-0.216841809405103,-0.216613021640298,-0.216511079900056,-0.216462181739443,-0.216430775462868,-0.21609201252124,-0.216086215626471,-0.215817108111949,-0.215611887457056,-0.215393008852008,-0.215202938433216,-0.215397394315217,-0.215862105978483,-0.215882408548981,-0.216086980557,-0.216144586703762,-0.216155298519084,-0.21616959259841,-0.216189292960502,-0.216227430802089,-0.216056923243772,-0.21596345095575,-0.216243253954332,-0.216319404691149,-0.216322284925979,-0.216363488070688,-0.216388217020718,-0.217180977271116,-0.217990768220564,-0.217748347453506,-0.217588445618971,-0.217573446286486,-0.217636387141352,-0.217598414254117,-0.217418598908043,-0.217040565650993,-0.217008882540175,-0.216582148736682,-0.216409721728814,-0.216375580687913,-0.216342179208344,-0.216236039111496,-0.216019112329823,-0.215375939353821,-0.214966555472043,-0.215075186373401,-0.214718491010783,-0.214369671329203,-0.214133102245247,-0.213062662539836,-0.212592458409812,-0.211943332096072,-0.211678613630008,-0.211507906061807,-0.210825117913299,-0.210270104137537,-0.210051793000912,-0.209922221933528,-0.209587096245981,-0.208967478642069,-0.208209520972362,-0.208001442231423,-0.20738852918937,-0.207317785538581,-0.207308694307668,-0.207298163303027,-0.207281837919211,-0.207264037510546,-0.207248834598561,-0.207225204577821,-0.207198624496844,-0.207169094356588,-0.207136614157336,-0.207135597529847,-0.207103575784085,-0.206840057095897,-0.206719270014038,-0.206590896517518,-0.206327544980217,-0.206009208581044,-0.205616959971942,-0.2051915371277,-0.204783854041628,-0.204865405109336,-0.204385818448325,-0.204036969121935,-0.203787693676196,-0.203638369645479,-0.20344836354293,-0.203189580207646,-0.203027937570033,-0.20313142816292,-0.203094111305379,-0.203002766938825,-0.202780413813434,-0.20256979252703,-0.202425555501858,-0.202247545462532,-0.20186438880457,-0.201835358462155,-0.202308238900199,-0.202387075562236,-0.201774496576937,-0.200935695760961,-0.200934291537185,-0.200623285182677,-0.200374824690992,-0.199580953709077,-0.199374554403709,-0.198950762812088,-0.199025844298593,-0.198298986428992,-0.198222044334158,-0.198066473187583,-0.197902053063379,-0.197727415325437,-0.197543928635016,-0.197099720482075,-0.196448207380711,-0.195987919658517,-0.195324355913779,-0.195115640812524,-0.194912862135314,-0.194717459372576,-0.194680920311796,-0.194494404127428,-0.194316703318757,-0.194143392944143,-0.194005075876118,-0.193621050694398,-0.193251780272023,-0.193190576249717,-0.192953314067629,-0.192724832922275,-0.192575380432471,-0.192029931734661,-0.19182106076753,-0.191775657457326,-0.191733026248532,-0.191707987711064,-0.191391539377364,-0.191213504056228,-0.191026691753717,-0.190864366965506,-0.190794817159049,-0.190658561265531,-0.190445347000209,-0.190221916641018,-0.190156224037511,-0.189519654494324,-0.189041343427686,-0.188353225932725,-0.188281089174773,-0.188195022714351,-0.187589566070851,-0.187403379772714,-0.187224533458732,-0.187217550915632,-0.187046080237996,-0.186881949491882,-0.186880581512771,-0.186729882007114,-0.186549979478732,-0.186364333396036,-0.186236949048999,-0.18616679181048,-0.186042416725161,-0.185770473351311,-0.185685164041403,-0.185632434953115,-0.185374787072255,-0.184669046393364,-0.184576985109622,-0.1843394828217,-0.184033354486064,-0.183880909825793,-0.183890580095698,-0.183930437407759,-0.183960981410607,-0.184024448033593,-0.184126011424206,-0.184084002448833,-0.184174551889495,-0.184108469603037,-0.184019312311738,-0.183972711988975,-0.183312511374606,-0.183044886078751,-0.182988829840454,-0.182901147569985,-0.182818068563204,-0.182688175665803,-0.18262650571632,-0.182494173628563,-0.182424950634428,-0.182211177666197,-0.180748640891739,-0.1806599566389,-0.180532342766469,-0.180402136520918,-0.180291033057729,-0.180000067073506,-0.179895078049359,-0.179744464440219,-0.179461473895254,-0.179436141139776,-0.179424118883787,-0.179807780461627,-0.179861015052596,-0.179927424080957,-0.180158150164809,-0.180202907088918,-0.180288573163552,-0.180355192015845,-0.180295242273053,-0.180265155891069,-0.18024898698503,-0.180563936438062,-0.180672679955841,-0.180823833170808,-0.18117377204016,-0.181675649184227,-0.182325730608322,-0.182842000085317,-0.183415557214096,-0.183580500022752,-0.183637451108001,-0.183719184372487,-0.183812428410837,-0.184493534158898,-0.184819097393861,-0.185367379492398,-0.185907009725315,-0.186381234866558,-0.18703528737866,-0.188508169450471,-0.188795744635679,-0.18899679190107,-0.189214997666091,-0.190247454167504,-0.190434003088665,-0.190521148890987,-0.190703575428641,-0.190853601737029,-0.193426628990155,-0.19370951953134,-0.193852066413916,-0.194307115078057,-0.195413780410738,-0.197172529023138,-0.197268941562482,-0.197399142516845,-0.197471578649145,-0.197481109979751,-0.197517646699898,-0.197550105647911,-0.198108219072257,-0.19840936589168,-0.19861154126062,-0.198787464216734,-0.198962997897548,-0.199131125314994,-0.199222996317955,-0.199437649181895,-0.199735457331993,-0.19988098853054,-0.200050731806315,-0.200175624717476,-0.200274513153675,-0.200972690602901,-0.201485734215076,-0.201739934485942,-0.201849107501459,-0.201922910805554,-0.201924349616768,-0.202391141866249,-0.203480054274932,-0.204148413561347,-0.204712651905212,-0.205546324641078,-0.205743715007427,-0.205915876476656,-0.206089618174454,-0.206242270906577,-0.20766115339492,-0.208799583616872,-0.208792909051462,-0.209351390513656,-0.20943404662915,-0.210445172272519,-0.210741083883564,-0.210588692680726,-0.210686672383037,-0.210460434243595,-0.210554378958841,-0.210564310593277,-0.21093650915194,-0.210815155205946,-0.211006709827209,-0.21271223000199,-0.21424793212987,-0.215493634956408,-0.215871801867131,-0.21623888234265,-0.216687815623711,-0.216923709552856,-0.217155007895868,-0.217823192332962,-0.217922243765642,-0.218960164018384,-0.218890500147677,-0.219014298961698,-0.219104183240448,-0.220278452549659,-0.221948383194271,-0.221904301670318,-0.222238763163273,-0.222337977135155,-0.222671111017894,-0.222788079388947,-0.222727258280535,-0.22286992927564,-0.223359381326742,-0.223375960649395,-0.223420605536233,-0.223549525920173,-0.22363599774768,-0.223702391623162,-0.223834187237167,-0.224063277367887,-0.224051526148347,-0.224034890325853,-0.224011127567255,-0.223971531939448,-0.223900270569021,-0.223685543297511,-0.22376375310593,-0.223892736601768,-0.224078772601687,-0.224088010287568,-0.224320953136397,-0.22433953368227,-0.224382842411845,-0.224466787497297,-0.22502104366422,-0.225628056008595,-0.226781103848992,-0.226727573355008,-0.227166582264118,-0.227198495685072,-0.22738063527844,-0.227455664872556,-0.22762139255938,-0.228600955427594,-0.228635945884376,-0.228658758138213,-0.2286593384716,-0.228630430454398,-0.228690300442841,-0.228820024622525,-0.229186455260918,-0.229333514519904,-0.230711940381685,-0.23085721351408,-0.231039220748838,-0.233138021538308,-0.233240011269784,-0.234152155997532,-0.234396997142455,-0.234409953807082,-0.23501664606706,-0.235056884846441,-0.235278050668861,-0.235376310344294,-0.235425604731527,-0.235474309226041,-0.235511149721992,-0.235645607542012,-0.23598310554346,-0.236053179051512,-0.236105421959156,-0.236157526103973,-0.23620935276195,-0.236282496403399,-0.236480524226529,-0.23748075419545,-0.238258724819408,-0.23826786301098,-0.239141504865721,-0.239735525281617,-0.239797172738399,-0.240558741380663,-0.240597015415333,-0.240837307247833,-0.240914216619794,-0.241212175203326,-0.241510236637256,-0.242075376584754,-0.24308987755215,-0.243245296413374,-0.243301728427659,-0.243407970212202,-0.243643958942519,-0.243632280442898,-0.244562394525054],"lat":[51.48870217634,51.4887908548443,51.4890813838325,51.489037020032,51.4892776934373,51.489477782548,51.4895481513295,51.4898485805091,51.4899987813079,51.4901565968009,51.4902123824288,51.4908126237272,51.4916283594098,51.4916552996444,51.4920530689795,51.4927202190023,51.4930491465394,51.4942541250319,51.4946802007398,51.495045803223,51.495367928339,51.4955600830821,51.4955836743143,51.4957926829082,51.4960848697699,51.4960998503754,51.4961231525726,51.4963347128792,51.4965008045498,51.4966015630788,51.4967578549597,51.4973433037742,51.4975986149705,51.4975900243217,51.4979433608692,51.497959831094,51.4979549775443,51.497894548785,51.4981104705547,51.4983844491541,51.4983559760891,51.4981307349837,51.4980208659008,51.4978321605931,51.4976925877888,51.4976089832828,51.4974898379693,51.4973985908662,51.4971540106132,51.4970542949559,51.4969497234813,51.4969669927392,51.4971841097309,51.4979658290921,51.4990241880434,51.4993441510196,51.4994185154229,51.4994596573684,51.4997758530578,51.49984582798,51.4998471346275,51.4998635478813,51.5001887943873,51.500379676398,51.500661997455,51.5008379865152,51.5011660624124,51.5012251616796,51.5014053021866,51.5013999119423,51.5014637666151,51.5015748228172,51.5015774546565,51.5015958989752,51.5016461848405,51.5016767201403,51.501763598575,51.502120781689,51.5024735140016,51.5025802910413,51.5026975137152,51.5028382514029,51.5028815619035,51.5029217492847,51.5030021454478,51.5031306262727,51.5033322914427,51.5035689421525,51.5037697060499,51.5038487312912,51.5038954022932,51.5039146184968,51.5039210596166,51.5039559828191,51.504302581765,51.5043052136755,51.5043199361278,51.5044443202217,51.5041880690148,51.5041789317147,51.5041741594668,51.5042192615327,51.5042914414332,51.5043547597772,51.5045537878192,51.5045602057525,51.5046787210908,51.5047053754974,51.5047118572743,51.5045398570847,51.5045109047081,51.5046484591094,51.5046400819751,51.5045488498588,51.504452314986,51.5044504348602,51.5044345726081,51.5045455203933,51.50459293798,51.504609029091,51.5045863774552,51.5045637684931,51.5046619835057,51.5046807277798,51.5046633040207,51.50443928079,51.5044761548509,51.5046084108146,51.5044350596952,51.5043582808593,51.5045132172818,51.5045563872624,51.5046250198793,51.5046566906153,51.5046575247195,51.505370780627,51.5058126958599,51.5059195850998,51.5061197965229,51.5062564081836,51.5063838172687,51.5065758698745,51.506679373847,51.5067314783066,51.5067384519138,51.5067416095751,51.5075999214916,51.5078083944971,51.5084726243642,51.5086205965814,51.5089118906315,51.5091836771949,51.5094477628919,51.5099618658676,51.5102637466105,51.5102864300455,51.5107985313365,51.5108184324457,51.5112459026448,51.5119439634761,51.5124767806787,51.513222521358,51.5136872796411,51.5138797488615,51.5139714015735,51.5140112464543,51.514055627955,51.5142288925088,51.5147203353877,51.5149247154437,51.5152028553141,51.5158171986854,51.5173538800469,51.5185402217133,51.5190920454629,51.5191272460815,51.5191624252166,51.5191976043512,51.5192327405201,51.5192687539303,51.5193038471336,51.5193065433057,51.5193425137503,51.5193775639881,51.519413491467,51.5194484772562,51.5194834630449,51.5195157096952,51.5195443399656,51.5195729487517,51.5196006373292,51.519629224629,51.5196568702359,51.5196845373244,51.5197014841757,51.5197541006879,51.5198057969831,51.5198574502987,51.5199090821178,51.5199277619469,51.5201570757329,51.5204166965063,51.5206322470503,51.5222350628573,51.5227616352293,51.5231907803587,51.5235852644024,51.5239667824743,51.5243850406102,51.5245939523689,51.5247779762114,51.5250874753568,51.5252248244315,51.5253341010651,51.5265252584276,51.5268986726827,51.5270946829173,51.5271799717588,51.5271889589851,51.5273085535641,51.5273598237332,51.5277828225146,51.5278223840743,51.5280306751782,51.5281962861442,51.5282216048043,51.5283416700631,51.5284088770357,51.5290748463253,51.5291357616784,51.5292434706985,51.5291971369732,51.5291887904444,51.5294892929458,51.5297408419773,51.5297988549479,51.5303078315265,51.5307297559902,51.5308607467496,51.5309622942491,51.5310300342799,51.5310365992686,51.5310479317607,51.5310583870183,51.5310486635676,51.5310510021081,51.5312126078196,51.5312370521679,51.5315560466587,51.5315366469738,51.5317833418596,51.5318437442688,51.5318490504592,51.5322196116705,51.5324503124772,51.5325851360616,51.5327523996826,51.5326978888524,51.5326278135236,51.5321707403672,51.5320878151698,51.5319201153815,51.5318268279143,51.5317951206577,51.5317848605197,51.5317791867118,51.5318054670424,51.5318623967593,51.5318778864646,51.5319288999707,51.5319548218169,51.5319731257949,51.5319740294865,51.5319601812835,51.5320183052791,51.532155711944,51.5322238294447,51.5324250139795,51.532437519346,51.5324908101279,51.5324932678077,51.5325951609081,51.5326370389551,51.5325449214904,51.5325309853003,51.5323416947776,51.5320052331062,51.5318118154335,51.5315196032223,51.5311784178218,51.5310887744329,51.5309880932823,51.530865828297,51.5308365350427,51.5307308002251,51.530687944966,51.530543860594,51.5304990182619,51.5304185519455,51.5304674656842,51.530352740047,51.5298777367233,51.5292131280763,51.5291504641541,51.5290812916237,51.529015605105,51.5288517976861,51.5286492583101,51.5285436364399,51.5283291242113,51.5281750370624,51.5280501875923,51.5278921293199,51.5277027685304,51.527506392213,51.5272886645324,51.5271025659256,51.5262807237463,51.5262483918953,51.5259611585723,51.5258422020503,51.5253176930807,51.5251680061563,51.5247927703447,51.5247957646602,51.5223533491727,51.5219765057186,51.5219338190358,51.5213574187822,51.5211974479015,51.5210974251924,51.5197723682849,51.5197469807206,51.5196992023609,51.5196324203319,51.5195775175323,51.5195365309856,51.5195331596643,51.5195320867082,51.5194882297506,51.5195116455052,51.5190836196373,51.5188878962018,51.5185017917226,51.5182772212487,51.5181201360194,51.5179718850879,51.5176555625344,51.517499859591,51.5174723266341,51.5174527730448,51.5167424695921,51.5159147450171,51.5157124376722,51.5156427644395,51.5152737148511,51.5150838758997,51.5147447487663,51.5143305258961,51.513897385795,51.5138910729796,51.5138108037998,51.5136440585591,51.5134684233105,51.5131115603956,51.5122203996726,51.512065979995,51.5118613854184,51.5118378222633,51.5117289280117,51.5115048484306,51.5113450798679,51.5111843469388,51.5110792003285,51.51097236557,51.5108655745125,51.5108157956792,51.5103406935238,51.5102068098771,51.5096154019559,51.5095747194677,51.509637250254,51.509759415244,51.5102304219867,51.5102460781679,51.5102507482514,51.5102656133217,51.5102756974691,51.5102884996131,51.5103022223367,51.5103090836923,51.5103809197102,51.5103920556469,51.5101343056717,51.5101014047853,51.5100241158002,51.5099877066108,51.5099690745521,51.5099282166533,51.5097967434126,51.5096880225028,51.5095677497277,51.5094440563046,51.5093245754872,51.5092411943241,51.5092017833334,51.5091203739089,51.5091601840964,51.509124126218,51.509114637429,51.5085395969992,51.5080560711002,51.5076467210492,51.507611911782,51.5075200650383,51.5075167769018,51.5075180900967,51.5075189662613,51.507466073845,51.5073952510507,51.5072228960195,51.5069474084433,51.506590513348,51.5064011497651,51.5063577456313,51.5063633999701,51.5063634437726,51.5064153272376,51.506446277568,51.5062928699756,51.5061460105095,51.5057484585407,51.505488845066,51.5054670352821,51.5054419137519,51.5053810873894,51.5051148763226,51.5045003423991,51.5044629917713,51.5039520281084,51.5037183004829,51.5036701213726,51.5036768073517,51.5037012711742,51.5033895311966,51.5027026156967,51.5023016175716,51.5022502155009,51.5016440914465,51.501131607489,51.5007701062691,51.4998473631744,51.4995290593492,51.4991441794712,51.4989872716286,51.4988947440034,51.4985237323621,51.4981276892979,51.4979265236391,51.4977770698077,51.4973951704061,51.4968101924149,51.4961898253867,51.4960220841635,51.4961485031743,51.4960422100764,51.4960168922316,51.4959915523773,51.4959670231923,51.4959433707025,51.4959269518813,51.4959050087608,51.4958848190286,51.4958663826827,51.495849699721,51.4958388932321,51.4958105270769,51.4956239512601,51.4955447692111,51.4954753627231,51.4953580302006,51.4952101808561,51.4950369201075,51.4948280797271,51.4946078191352,51.4945488179977,51.4942887877407,51.4940379516767,51.4938560831748,51.4937701660602,51.4936197790463,51.4934233756372,51.4933210825479,51.4932902954213,51.4932501567998,51.4931552355162,51.4929117293258,51.4926630070265,51.4924845438881,51.4922857794063,51.4918824380212,51.4918514185028,51.4916950055095,51.4916683373519,51.4911283900995,51.4903709484275,51.4903700276379,51.4900738999385,51.489981961089,51.4892917431343,51.4891195156098,51.4887982710309,51.4887571595063,51.488121916519,51.4880640817509,51.4879546808702,51.4878505392774,51.4877498374053,51.4876543947411,51.4874497316546,51.4872059087829,51.4873723835456,51.4869961795246,51.48688325903,51.486765933295,51.4866442245108,51.486621180788,51.4864933136938,51.4863610857943,51.4862271267318,51.4861188852943,51.4858135205837,51.4854993894198,51.4854444914923,51.4852160233696,51.484984093084,51.4848298165934,51.4842728663761,51.4840187553676,51.4840378387238,51.4840596625567,51.4840736644282,51.4837720319508,51.4835759473382,51.4833833240375,51.4832270481887,51.4831648262042,51.4830413252339,51.4828608830718,51.4826838798332,51.4826334072266,51.4820876278941,51.4816917661315,51.4810300801567,51.4809606226553,51.4808792596311,51.4804580466116,51.4803229789558,51.4801844274683,51.4801789240213,51.4800359900264,51.4798895722651,51.4798877526126,51.4797658220615,51.4798718492042,51.4797232994572,51.4795945348694,51.4795116178868,51.4793433326166,51.4789380597835,51.4788378223017,51.4787875476517,51.4786028113753,51.4780972997548,51.4780221359148,51.4778017391684,51.4775326188343,51.4774187507175,51.4773928222234,51.4773682605205,51.4773606403261,51.4773580262617,51.4773389163857,51.4772726205099,51.4772407505122,51.4771641900852,51.4771610108132,51.4771378078226,51.4771905285397,51.4771486132952,51.4771459461548,51.4771418896376,51.477130710387,51.4771017197673,51.4770953684443,51.4770915188286,51.4770940428339,51.477146482524,51.4776390709631,51.4776601762571,51.4776824759227,51.4776975412128,51.4777030110551,51.477704789939,51.4777013618002,51.4776864342997,51.4776325820805,51.4776178007391,51.4775942335456,51.4760597724103,51.4758438791966,51.4756587650022,51.4748907884641,51.4747431066097,51.4747615219084,51.4747157946987,51.47466630475,51.4746262707573,51.4745621729624,51.4737037790008,51.4733592544721,51.4729983020492,51.4723095085543,51.4714567087757,51.4703885855315,51.4695710746897,51.4687607439384,51.4685591691647,51.4684665292367,51.4683661799151,51.4682660088415,51.4676470809262,51.4673886408019,51.4669960614684,51.466676185145,51.4664443206097,51.4662521042975,51.4658144531694,51.4657145827586,51.4656547407301,51.4655978611182,51.4653017618963,51.4652443913822,51.465225053572,51.4651990928181,51.4651915161201,51.464855303759,51.4648371810612,51.4648366793149,51.4648337966477,51.4648814097357,51.4649678169954,51.4652246867192,51.4652087035578,51.4651972276976,51.4651380236706,51.4651241973616,51.4650311742707,51.4650433499972,51.4650003175048,51.4649845396863,51.4649773507212,51.4649800472712,51.464988025304,51.4649948318949,51.4650278038339,51.4649964069273,51.4649932459154,51.4649967511832,51.4650058624744,51.4650172722167,51.4651287032632,51.4651887308531,51.4652411894573,51.4652473601022,51.4652377009649,51.4652377230304,51.4653024328261,51.4655826032381,51.4657205358686,51.4658703591509,51.4661250196677,51.4661945850364,51.4662466782779,51.4662951984425,51.4663308062127,51.4666051941831,51.4668357137403,51.4668958614851,51.4670096043149,51.4669209417014,51.467130616718,51.4672214607596,51.4673630149732,51.4674346517064,51.4676605074319,51.4677248886918,51.4677286372642,51.4674888221206,51.4674258214075,51.4673136404446,51.4679178681854,51.4684844138345,51.4689566009257,51.4691170266074,51.4693033605901,51.4695691729562,51.4697229349665,51.4698838205969,51.4704353259756,51.4705168645425,51.471372532436,51.4714236306038,51.4714983501501,51.4714826296889,51.4724617547835,51.4738782250426,51.4739009370067,51.4742612109682,51.474376020265,51.4749188199047,51.4751696841704,51.4752155231429,51.4753237966562,51.4765505921022,51.4766056973404,51.4767538501887,51.4772162175636,51.4776221884281,51.4780260565534,51.4799344547399,51.4817112373475,51.4817542231691,51.4817746538689,51.481793178135,51.4818114625973,51.4818292674311,51.4819069470214,51.4820439178296,51.4820602594618,51.4824245738249,51.4824462956212,51.48297498262,51.4830157300234,51.4832726707739,51.4834474962106,51.4842697040484,51.4851061960003,51.4865705222254,51.4866137757625,51.4871042070788,51.4870983948227,51.4873043774552,51.4873010153515,51.4874473993829,51.4884109030558,51.4884743786939,51.4885547560115,51.4886141148976,51.4888025195309,51.488818711009,51.4887793051332,51.4889134308506,51.4890586312167,51.4893950706631,51.489437728321,51.4894989247939,51.4903165041317,51.4902865671865,51.4904270989368,51.4904280877126,51.4904282827832,51.4903843599553,51.4904614012381,51.49044134926,51.4903960671965,51.4903878165023,51.490394844047,51.4904106854966,51.4904351895761,51.490424080378,51.4903999556037,51.4903899504881,51.4903835402351,51.4903843197308,51.4903926137497,51.4904495464289,51.4903980395303,51.4903575732625,51.4903073529369,51.4902512324044,51.4901621327743,51.4902071209939,51.4901061440348,51.4900473682379,51.4900168018223,51.4900395373221,51.4899702684546,51.489898302648,51.4897359194842,51.4894624658477,51.4893164191485,51.4892723023757,51.4892064506195,51.4891002776503,51.4890668307671,51.48870217634]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.183880909825793,-0.184033354486064,-0.1843394828217,-0.184576985109622,-0.184669046393364,-0.185374787072255,-0.185632434953115,-0.185685164041403,-0.185770473351311,-0.186042416725161,-0.18616679181048,-0.186236949048999,-0.186364333396036,-0.186549979478732,-0.186729882007114,-0.186880581512771,-0.186881949491882,-0.187046080237996,-0.187217550915632,-0.187224533458732,-0.187403379772714,-0.187589566070851,-0.188195022714351,-0.188281089174773,-0.188353225932725,-0.189041343427686,-0.189519654494324,-0.190156224037511,-0.190221916641018,-0.190445347000209,-0.190658561265531,-0.190794817159049,-0.190864366965506,-0.191026691753717,-0.191213504056228,-0.191391539377364,-0.191707987711064,-0.191733026248532,-0.191775657457326,-0.19182106076753,-0.192029931734661,-0.192575380432471,-0.192724832922275,-0.192953314067629,-0.193190576249717,-0.193251780272023,-0.193621050694398,-0.194005075876118,-0.194143392944143,-0.194316703318757,-0.194494404127428,-0.194680920311796,-0.194717459372576,-0.194912862135314,-0.195115640812524,-0.195324355913779,-0.195987919658517,-0.196448207380711,-0.197099720482075,-0.197543928635016,-0.197727415325437,-0.197902053063379,-0.198066473187583,-0.198222044334158,-0.198298986428992,-0.199025844298593,-0.198950762812088,-0.199374554403709,-0.199580953709077,-0.200374824690992,-0.200623285182677,-0.200934291537185,-0.200935695760961,-0.201774496576937,-0.202387075562236,-0.202308238900199,-0.201835358462155,-0.20186438880457,-0.202247545462532,-0.202425555501858,-0.20256979252703,-0.202780413813434,-0.203002766938825,-0.203094111305379,-0.20313142816292,-0.203027937570033,-0.203189580207646,-0.20344836354293,-0.203638369645479,-0.203787693676196,-0.204036969121935,-0.204385818448325,-0.204865405109336,-0.204783854041628,-0.2051915371277,-0.205616959971942,-0.206009208581044,-0.206327544980217,-0.206590896517518,-0.206719270014038,-0.206840057095897,-0.207103575784085,-0.207135597529847,-0.207136614157336,-0.207169094356588,-0.207198624496844,-0.207225204577821,-0.207248834598561,-0.207264037510546,-0.207281837919211,-0.207298163303027,-0.207308694307668,-0.207317785538581,-0.20738852918937,-0.208001442231423,-0.208209520972362,-0.208967478642069,-0.209587096245981,-0.209922221933528,-0.210051793000912,-0.210270104137537,-0.210825117913299,-0.211507906061807,-0.211678613630008,-0.211943332096072,-0.212592458409812,-0.213062662539836,-0.214133102245247,-0.214369671329203,-0.214718491010783,-0.215075186373401,-0.214966555472043,-0.215375939353821,-0.216019112329823,-0.216236039111496,-0.216342179208344,-0.216375580687913,-0.216409721728814,-0.216582148736682,-0.217008882540175,-0.217040565650993,-0.217418598908043,-0.217598414254117,-0.217636387141352,-0.217573446286486,-0.217588445618971,-0.217748347453506,-0.217990768220564,-0.217180977271116,-0.216388217020718,-0.216363488070688,-0.216322284925979,-0.216319404691149,-0.216243253954332,-0.21596345095575,-0.216056923243772,-0.216227430802089,-0.216189292960502,-0.21616959259841,-0.216155298519084,-0.216144586703762,-0.216086980557,-0.215882408548981,-0.215862105978483,-0.215397394315217,-0.215202938433216,-0.215393008852008,-0.215611887457056,-0.215817108111949,-0.216086215626471,-0.21609201252124,-0.216430775462868,-0.216462181739443,-0.216511079900056,-0.216613021640298,-0.216841809405103,-0.216815363850062,-0.216859664502065,-0.216913062881079,-0.216984307328735,-0.217010092830102,-0.216993513466116,-0.216963270251018,-0.216960252749917,-0.216994995526059,-0.217209744146115,-0.217246206341242,-0.217489673734852,-0.217511557989651,-0.217555326479745,-0.21760050011064,-0.217647008735966,-0.217793139485831,-0.217840877864895,-0.218053329699148,-0.217888690136023,-0.218844567065654,-0.219286533196688,-0.219300798800552,-0.219518402069586,-0.219570826371373,-0.219768471149151,-0.219789588527418,-0.219834423694162,-0.219882139602648,-0.219937127150377,-0.220040387872764,-0.220139363489357,-0.22026897968613,-0.220333910833618,-0.220345962877528,-0.220435988082761,-0.2205380573209,-0.221131687685811,-0.221359907007877,-0.22149718611154,-0.221463308851173,-0.221478918210335,-0.221480113547305,-0.221757252879562,-0.222032251472028,-0.222277029878832,-0.222402234233289,-0.222604056713716,-0.222751236352168,-0.222927844888432,-0.223668166055854,-0.224315070170865,-0.224299896491486,-0.224277205852929,-0.224464288172443,-0.224747461150394,-0.224917540572112,-0.225077188216975,-0.225299074589942,-0.225677559266973,-0.225894806936765,-0.226369686901501,-0.226426810604511,-0.226472672629347,-0.226484162042741,-0.226528714071974,-0.226563156635885,-0.226625886495167,-0.226701127616814,-0.226768458702075,-0.226722789415285,-0.228301584422097,-0.228077162486972,-0.228070953387758,-0.226820454554121,-0.226729425739927,-0.226733526512725,-0.226619904418706,-0.227195200341853,-0.227271445308323,-0.227298787993804,-0.227375003814033,-0.227392007892025,-0.22741689294067,-0.227414195723221,-0.227350562640496,-0.227347659812505,-0.227355061621034,-0.227377709176939,-0.227412162581181,-0.227457923542368,-0.227507857825671,-0.22758837354478,-0.227740068544771,-0.227826792586197,-0.228019321662021,-0.228207589317707,-0.228269915210838,-0.228324897504622,-0.228365715692301,-0.228727736883045,-0.228503133845418,-0.228372526283082,-0.228164390631489,-0.228009927153637,-0.227846644140604,-0.227718859739387,-0.227590935805096,-0.227588054051548,-0.227680559654567,-0.227685266174766,-0.226716881012173,-0.226200350868218,-0.22546537552265,-0.225463235753812,-0.225446606772199,-0.225016833694184,-0.224600798302995,-0.224296732173658,-0.223803836025501,-0.223633772012012,-0.223388182100981,-0.223087448980374,-0.222819926779955,-0.222669015799653,-0.222296587439579,-0.221903814386359,-0.221526652712881,-0.221005513506038,-0.220714669577998,-0.219517351094429,-0.21905778998803,-0.218712409306281,-0.218260300807012,-0.217979055243607,-0.217331767635156,-0.217067146453923,-0.216666947718953,-0.216391926792549,-0.216028912668804,-0.215815146558774,-0.215889960702285,-0.215906863291273,-0.21592394103855,-0.215923201903312,-0.21588788402686,-0.215832957093495,-0.215674961083377,-0.21557301710733,-0.215071211170088,-0.214599554914724,-0.213753439231859,-0.213315727381536,-0.212698449761644,-0.211962434934481,-0.211261176210331,-0.210278024902375,-0.209994059810701,-0.209578568491271,-0.209223942393915,-0.208837726890686,-0.208236600989933,-0.208069792657094,-0.207831441458454,-0.207607497906178,-0.207341455552617,-0.207319915087572,-0.206976044622541,-0.20672469970775,-0.206507897703639,-0.206178274992854,-0.205902293920771,-0.205691253411537,-0.205490060327286,-0.205190298326982,-0.205044343036734,-0.204537094331867,-0.20436531896786,-0.204076012796598,-0.203881526182531,-0.203558434669561,-0.203017960332364,-0.202803775626638,-0.202694014499424,-0.202584182752064,-0.201639382466434,-0.201625575667971,-0.201555487481827,-0.20153154578007,-0.201528049365372,-0.201488254791436,-0.201132043942382,-0.200636447521602,-0.200634014953012,-0.200772379322207,-0.200768022742394,-0.201244529885214,-0.201546658497729,-0.201768186574868,-0.202225613347033,-0.202669094959747,-0.203109052863386,-0.203498210021965,-0.203725907692483,-0.203766809070086,-0.203715488680131,-0.203580352086827,-0.203453656742638,-0.203419234568914,-0.203353300093716,-0.203303652670764,-0.203279041275292,-0.203209606292591,-0.20297027405548,-0.202379446752235,-0.201488156453198,-0.200747521940279,-0.199944566782896,-0.1998954393524,-0.199894034351093,-0.199207786505696,-0.195767416747427,-0.195072628010524,-0.194367326226598,-0.194065017616948,-0.193655411114073,-0.192984780234594,-0.192143783578032,-0.19172302732439,-0.190937397643279,-0.189720271093802,-0.188562739637679,-0.187933557981193,-0.18688345664662,-0.185621723102513,-0.184409386770161,-0.184259245084354,-0.183081020952099,-0.182615471711526,-0.182408800108748,-0.182061301101535,-0.181657502056413,-0.181374774115422,-0.180931310237058,-0.180336124702437,-0.179749340976717,-0.17957082679056,-0.173566988556587,-0.17355947166654,-0.172482485600115,-0.172472194953766,-0.171805482965793,-0.171801022412434,-0.171499595158254,-0.169643964900317,-0.16841458484227,-0.168202316105295,-0.168051244967279,-0.167928946898481,-0.167643871468101,-0.165803723309799,-0.165505763405361,-0.162857677138862,-0.162599011802781,-0.162367087973629,-0.161570182674098,-0.161344371426333,-0.161187652635932,-0.161023878256785,-0.16088861953193,-0.160781551203976,-0.160588875583255,-0.159173340985544,-0.158600390801092,-0.158477235016292,-0.158468667821866,-0.158502548937415,-0.158525361398007,-0.158525814331277,-0.15851715686422,-0.15850061158732,-0.158436531542903,-0.157874184757461,-0.157239735375327,-0.156096538714404,-0.156047626216785,-0.155678439444211,-0.155633091102271,-0.155547514651791,-0.155319441425502,-0.155636633577182,-0.155781823533485,-0.155847382975007,-0.155938831622515,-0.156013776089579,-0.155015262810514,-0.156008944250223,-0.155989586906043,-0.154818002812629,-0.155821108896499,-0.155701853393331,-0.155654790636846,-0.155568845789481,-0.155461163168996,-0.155196336823537,-0.155873929628211,-0.154917500051635,-0.15348565250178,-0.151724828798669,-0.151413832697195,-0.150366753224664,-0.150195267851164,-0.150119279124638,-0.150086567010071,-0.150003833152949,-0.150522871121193,-0.150855352340955,-0.151947299422473,-0.152326057600726,-0.152530284531463,-0.1529061762031,-0.154279581519952,-0.155114947620715,-0.155592350789745,-0.156103499880389,-0.156701807846061,-0.159477574068235,-0.161808774365441,-0.166440028951755,-0.167189074368584,-0.168371325457975,-0.169060592936136,-0.170063884911639,-0.170767897354412,-0.171096027210176,-0.17126885360469,-0.171603062851832,-0.171879482337563,-0.172315122870523,-0.172751299862532,-0.173211475738704,-0.173474071444501,-0.173906569895718,-0.174088622456442,-0.174246150087912,-0.174336141154606,-0.174546276849842,-0.175532473738462,-0.175675032158489,-0.175762609852758,-0.175900522292734,-0.176054399923141,-0.176173129206658,-0.176235264713118,-0.17629527965575,-0.176352236700193,-0.176461295056694,-0.177286236134306,-0.177342505118942,-0.177741927483923,-0.177838703558799,-0.177844854623368,-0.177549559032447,-0.17781470184709,-0.177993894639497,-0.178787626366516,-0.178936974830599,-0.179308568229568,-0.179405531059776,-0.1797867664585,-0.180409285254054,-0.180744465654514,-0.180821896051273,-0.182100359591511,-0.182773195568884,-0.182801811002327,-0.182814049262583,-0.183316086867093,-0.183369336440733,-0.183416579367894,-0.183463643787463,-0.183535899386768,-0.183650284022481,-0.183830145851882,-0.183880909825793],"lat":[51.4774187507175,51.4775326188343,51.4778017391684,51.4780221359148,51.4780972997548,51.4786028113753,51.4787875476517,51.4788378223017,51.4789380597835,51.4793433326166,51.4795116178868,51.4795945348694,51.4797232994572,51.4798718492042,51.4797658220615,51.4798877526126,51.4798895722651,51.4800359900264,51.4801789240213,51.4801844274683,51.4803229789558,51.4804580466116,51.4808792596311,51.4809606226553,51.4810300801567,51.4816917661315,51.4820876278941,51.4826334072266,51.4826838798332,51.4828608830718,51.4830413252339,51.4831648262042,51.4832270481887,51.4833833240375,51.4835759473382,51.4837720319508,51.4840736644282,51.4840596625567,51.4840378387238,51.4840187553676,51.4842728663761,51.4848298165934,51.484984093084,51.4852160233696,51.4854444914923,51.4854993894198,51.4858135205837,51.4861188852943,51.4862271267318,51.4863610857943,51.4864933136938,51.486621180788,51.4866442245108,51.486765933295,51.48688325903,51.4869961795246,51.4873723835456,51.4872059087829,51.4874497316546,51.4876543947411,51.4877498374053,51.4878505392774,51.4879546808702,51.4880640817509,51.488121916519,51.4887571595063,51.4887982710309,51.4891195156098,51.4892917431343,51.489981961089,51.4900738999385,51.4903700276379,51.4903709484275,51.4911283900995,51.4916683373519,51.4916950055095,51.4918514185028,51.4918824380212,51.4922857794063,51.4924845438881,51.4926630070265,51.4929117293258,51.4931552355162,51.4932501567998,51.4932902954213,51.4933210825479,51.4934233756372,51.4936197790463,51.4937701660602,51.4938560831748,51.4940379516767,51.4942887877407,51.4945488179977,51.4946078191352,51.4948280797271,51.4950369201075,51.4952101808561,51.4953580302006,51.4954753627231,51.4955447692111,51.4956239512601,51.4958105270769,51.4958388932321,51.495849699721,51.4958663826827,51.4958848190286,51.4959050087608,51.4959269518813,51.4959433707025,51.4959670231923,51.4959915523773,51.4960168922316,51.4960422100764,51.4961485031743,51.4960220841635,51.4961898253867,51.4968101924149,51.4973951704061,51.4977770698077,51.4979265236391,51.4981276892979,51.4985237323621,51.4988947440034,51.4989872716286,51.4991441794712,51.4995290593492,51.4998473631744,51.5007701062691,51.501131607489,51.5016440914465,51.5022502155009,51.5023016175716,51.5027026156967,51.5033895311966,51.5037012711742,51.5036768073517,51.5036701213726,51.5037183004829,51.5039520281084,51.5044629917713,51.5045003423991,51.5051148763226,51.5053810873894,51.5054419137519,51.5054670352821,51.505488845066,51.5057484585407,51.5061460105095,51.5062928699756,51.506446277568,51.5064153272376,51.5063634437726,51.5063633999701,51.5063577456313,51.5064011497651,51.506590513348,51.5069474084433,51.5072228960195,51.5073952510507,51.507466073845,51.5075189662613,51.5075180900967,51.5075167769018,51.5075200650383,51.507611911782,51.5076467210492,51.5080560711002,51.5085395969992,51.509114637429,51.509124126218,51.5091601840964,51.5091203739089,51.5092017833334,51.5092411943241,51.5093245754872,51.5094440563046,51.5095677497277,51.5096880225028,51.5097967434126,51.5099282166533,51.5099690745521,51.5099877066108,51.5100241158002,51.5101014047853,51.5101343056717,51.5103920556469,51.5103809197102,51.5103090836923,51.5103022223367,51.5102884996131,51.5102756974691,51.5102656133217,51.5102507482514,51.5102460781679,51.5102304219867,51.509759415244,51.509637250254,51.5095747194677,51.5096154019559,51.5102068098771,51.5103406935238,51.5108157956792,51.5108655745125,51.51097236557,51.5110792003285,51.5111843469388,51.5113450798679,51.5115048484306,51.5117289280117,51.5118378222633,51.5118613854184,51.512065979995,51.5122203996726,51.5131115603956,51.5134684233105,51.5136440585591,51.5138108037998,51.5138910729796,51.513897385795,51.5143305258961,51.5147447487663,51.5150838758997,51.5152737148511,51.5156427644395,51.5157124376722,51.5159147450171,51.5167424695921,51.5174527730448,51.5174723266341,51.517499859591,51.5176555625344,51.5179718850879,51.5181201360194,51.5182772212487,51.5185017917226,51.5188878962018,51.5190836196373,51.5195116455052,51.5194882297506,51.5195320867082,51.5195331596643,51.5195365309856,51.5195775175323,51.5196324203319,51.5196992023609,51.5197469807206,51.5197723682849,51.5210974251924,51.5211974479015,51.5213574187822,51.5219338190358,51.5219765057186,51.5223533491727,51.5247957646602,51.5247927703447,51.5251680061563,51.5253176930807,51.5258422020503,51.5259611585723,51.5262483918953,51.5262807237463,51.5271025659256,51.5272886645324,51.527506392213,51.5277027685304,51.5278921293199,51.5280501875923,51.5281750370624,51.5283291242113,51.5285436364399,51.5286492583101,51.5288517976861,51.529015605105,51.5290812916237,51.5291504641541,51.5292131280763,51.5298777367233,51.530352740047,51.5303004103107,51.5302397155645,51.5302077075839,51.5301800623577,51.5301664417908,51.5301564159302,51.5301563723902,51.5299275649373,51.5299177444195,51.5299804445097,51.5299906201067,51.5300199701818,51.5300379225896,51.5301689599062,51.5301354807146,51.5300824246002,51.5300418527996,51.5299633509295,51.5299248062751,51.5298635358392,51.529774452453,51.5296840729465,51.5296350261701,51.529498993265,51.5293671469857,51.5292786995444,51.5291853698094,51.5291386945018,51.5289352845326,51.5288527723361,51.5287998686181,51.5287111717655,51.5286403559462,51.5284551694045,51.5283648207316,51.528202269723,51.5280829857241,51.5279281917981,51.52782782276,51.5276841829613,51.5276574628257,51.5275893803027,51.5274976465609,51.5274053869135,51.5272615723167,51.5269147601344,51.5267198727557,51.5267598980479,51.5268030778034,51.5268738261523,51.5268968350993,51.5268667491566,51.5268132683782,51.5267558167516,51.526681471055,51.5266438663432,51.5265781755446,51.5265044200395,51.526427483387,51.5263166888126,51.5263060476174,51.5262817238031,51.5262576196499,51.5262409648891,51.526238837221,51.5261850225577,51.526124528217,51.5260654607141,51.525942619938,51.5257387676717,51.5255332103765,51.525297229114,51.5249284500699,51.5247175926801,51.5240533831343,51.5238394318987,51.5236083939092,51.5234588396414,51.5233172072242,51.5231317780356,51.523079937582,51.5230485808622,51.5230190214411,51.5227419615848,51.5226167552075,51.5223468071364,51.5220397983558,51.521982193224,51.5219312254935,51.5214599556291,51.5207950077999,51.5207104416576,51.520710765602,51.520821305644,51.5208367069361,51.520851231296,51.5208627207864,51.520886818003,51.5208990096026,51.520817624319,51.5207084820846,51.5206364328147,51.5206226712767,51.5205715278,51.5204525567442,51.5203022413226,51.5202612481904,51.5200686996214,51.5199384482254,51.5198679303141,51.5197643530536,51.5194729290038,51.5188469952925,51.5177992030149,51.5179766855319,51.5168466064156,51.5167766107297,51.516775689924,51.5145512181872,51.514956063125,51.5150317010896,51.5127124850431,51.5117564298167,51.5116916713935,51.5118135302975,51.5098680926941,51.5099398408195,51.5100185496,51.5100762060669,51.5101572514768,51.5101790060885,51.5077716824876,51.5048907681723,51.5021122177485,51.5017933582974,51.5015664855504,51.5014981234077,51.5014778348994,51.5014481691743,51.5014212265233,51.5014294321292,51.501421655342,51.5014609815418,51.4986857887716,51.4977783741105,51.4982209772381,51.4983008933307,51.498392025421,51.4984692004819,51.4985325475512,51.4986080149441,51.4986878450744,51.4989025950631,51.4990209865796,51.4989969885012,51.4988840210572,51.4985206122765,51.4983003385982,51.4992418635257,51.4986967539444,51.5001300712244,51.5002923801936,51.5004703948663,51.5012258648341,51.5013949808279,51.5014941389717,51.501589589274,51.501656710526,51.5017035909736,51.5017653151792,51.5021028052436,51.5022331944934,51.5022501450081,51.5022482119847,51.5015149558394,51.501413698761,51.50133097485,51.5012597981415,51.5012055833323,51.5010795813384,51.4990177607874,51.4985662612443,51.4977623471358,51.4975106870336,51.4956281442407,51.4955024351049,51.4953383246886,51.4950640626455,51.4948793095762,51.4947799775127,51.4947261541456,51.4946376670383,51.4944940660079,51.4938560788893,51.4932215490546,51.4932014611355,51.4919627479213,51.4914506662725,51.4910504221607,51.4908959098913,51.4906697451387,51.4904468354,51.4900487971086,51.48960623172,51.4890345498865,51.4881802035728,51.4870562742295,51.4868751184032,51.4862327269607,51.48609243618,51.485977032273,51.4858955834175,51.4854842186522,51.4854357531713,51.4854059257569,51.4852945466952,51.4852600489152,51.4852317928319,51.4851612778952,51.4849634857537,51.4848210607893,51.4847332500028,51.4846657514893,51.4845798373196,51.4842142782128,51.483907330836,51.4833134932386,51.4832029050862,51.483028038796,51.4829353892605,51.4827694017894,51.4826320097817,51.4825660871849,51.482530114803,51.4824561923419,51.4823867634991,51.4822613644832,51.4821224834489,51.4819956649491,51.4819116289893,51.4817564998648,51.4819220992992,51.4818723955576,51.4818549124188,51.4818222138583,51.4816864881995,51.4816509376565,51.4816217256166,51.4815582257404,51.4814194369514,51.4813313585896,51.4812900602131,51.4812658145932,51.4812460176411,51.481219836907,51.4806490490128,51.4806103566176,51.4803449906957,51.4802655620109,51.4802557658351,51.4800767219852,51.4798560298095,51.4796960498702,51.4789314276081,51.4787251209001,51.4780006994338,51.4779887162059,51.4779622618205,51.4779521401961,51.4779249680094,51.4779333633353,51.4773983532562,51.4773539284248,51.4773948381887,51.4774130128692,51.4773542475831,51.4773550725807,51.4773620992523,51.4773736193932,51.4774035147794,51.4774241709653,51.4774278562101,51.4774187507175]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.150003833152949,-0.150086567010071,-0.150119279124638,-0.150195267851164,-0.150366753224664,-0.151413832697195,-0.151724828798669,-0.15348565250178,-0.154917500051635,-0.155873929628211,-0.155196336823537,-0.155461163168996,-0.155568845789481,-0.155654790636846,-0.155701853393331,-0.155821108896499,-0.154818002812629,-0.155989586906043,-0.156008944250223,-0.155015262810514,-0.156013776089579,-0.155938831622515,-0.155847382975007,-0.155781823533485,-0.155636633577182,-0.155319441425502,-0.155547514651791,-0.155633091102271,-0.155678439444211,-0.156047626216785,-0.156096538714404,-0.157239735375327,-0.157874184757461,-0.158436531542903,-0.15850061158732,-0.15851715686422,-0.158525814331277,-0.158525361398007,-0.158502548937415,-0.158468667821866,-0.158477235016292,-0.158600390801092,-0.159173340985544,-0.160588875583255,-0.160781551203976,-0.16088861953193,-0.161023878256785,-0.161187652635932,-0.161344371426333,-0.161570182674098,-0.162367087973629,-0.162599011802781,-0.162857677138862,-0.165505763405361,-0.165803723309799,-0.167643871468101,-0.167928946898481,-0.168051244967279,-0.168202316105295,-0.16841458484227,-0.169643964900317,-0.171499595158254,-0.171801022412434,-0.171805482965793,-0.172472194953766,-0.172482485600115,-0.17355947166654,-0.173566988556587,-0.17957082679056,-0.179749340976717,-0.180336124702437,-0.180931310237058,-0.181374774115422,-0.181657502056413,-0.182061301101535,-0.182408800108748,-0.182615471711526,-0.183081020952099,-0.184259245084354,-0.184409386770161,-0.185621723102513,-0.18688345664662,-0.187933557981193,-0.188562739637679,-0.189720271093802,-0.190937397643279,-0.19172302732439,-0.192143783578032,-0.192984780234594,-0.193655411114073,-0.194065017616948,-0.194367326226598,-0.195072628010524,-0.195767416747427,-0.199207786505696,-0.199894034351093,-0.1998954393524,-0.199944566782896,-0.200747521940279,-0.201488156453198,-0.202379446752235,-0.20297027405548,-0.203209606292591,-0.203279041275292,-0.203303652670764,-0.203353300093716,-0.203419234568914,-0.203453656742638,-0.203580352086827,-0.203715488680131,-0.203766809070086,-0.203725907692483,-0.203498210021965,-0.203109052863386,-0.202669094959747,-0.202225613347033,-0.201768186574868,-0.201546658497729,-0.201244529885214,-0.200768022742394,-0.200772379322207,-0.200634014953012,-0.200636447521602,-0.201132043942382,-0.201488254791436,-0.201528049365372,-0.20153154578007,-0.201555487481827,-0.201625575667971,-0.201639382466434,-0.202584182752064,-0.202694014499424,-0.202803775626638,-0.203017960332364,-0.203558434669561,-0.203881526182531,-0.204076012796598,-0.20436531896786,-0.204537094331867,-0.205044343036734,-0.205190298326982,-0.205490060327286,-0.205691253411537,-0.205902293920771,-0.206178274992854,-0.206507897703639,-0.20672469970775,-0.206976044622541,-0.207319915087572,-0.207341455552617,-0.207607497906178,-0.207831441458454,-0.208069792657094,-0.208236600989933,-0.208837726890686,-0.209223942393915,-0.209578568491271,-0.209994059810701,-0.210278024902375,-0.211261176210331,-0.211962434934481,-0.212698449761644,-0.213315727381536,-0.213753439231859,-0.214599554914724,-0.215071211170088,-0.21557301710733,-0.215674961083377,-0.215832957093495,-0.21588788402686,-0.215923201903312,-0.21592394103855,-0.215906863291273,-0.215889960702285,-0.215815146558774,-0.216028912668804,-0.216088527539379,-0.216076441698279,-0.216040423525487,-0.215947791862616,-0.215883693442289,-0.215847285619922,-0.215687175356208,-0.215562242752985,-0.215471047188781,-0.215375985727122,-0.215314134180448,-0.215265039414525,-0.215228771735869,-0.215178095174686,-0.215129491752185,-0.215104504429221,-0.215097053529372,-0.215103484360993,-0.215167549665311,-0.215292342751319,-0.215324815364383,-0.215360486152227,-0.215362805572767,-0.215351032274643,-0.215328153471604,-0.215305731541336,-0.215268865391086,-0.215207328063976,-0.214694785140485,-0.214185825588366,-0.214046618789007,-0.213820112882728,-0.21363261681159,-0.213267815716612,-0.21306271292888,-0.212817123614278,-0.212662593542353,-0.212258256724859,-0.211735130532179,-0.211402483426695,-0.211051455757333,-0.210841778604526,-0.210185080440801,-0.210101784289352,-0.209687166026778,-0.209335775238745,-0.208958692952579,-0.208682021879315,-0.207946906532891,-0.207648201228931,-0.207336074465788,-0.207105276030972,-0.206797719001897,-0.206608601949399,-0.206259567777482,-0.205869134223336,-0.2055308217132,-0.205309967938651,-0.204604045212176,-0.204057228365523,-0.20359845134645,-0.203265593302609,-0.203073204630143,-0.202992228638342,-0.202849762343316,-0.202601941027182,-0.202291781454559,-0.202035245680564,-0.201877982404058,-0.201689361903765,-0.201550238568234,-0.201476076789356,-0.201434596024456,-0.20139964699243,-0.201297305196128,-0.201108060201973,-0.20100763323077,-0.200903096337293,-0.200675185243801,-0.200449058403337,-0.199843649034713,-0.199562961612535,-0.19941211968803,-0.19933092417643,-0.199329518753192,-0.199174674297062,-0.199018340884816,-0.198858607452008,-0.198767327091795,-0.198685955718616,-0.198595207949339,-0.198298116959511,-0.198215944603958,-0.197993760256978,-0.19797525617624,-0.197940483780256,-0.197925812004206,-0.198002770704472,-0.198001840706624,-0.197972427757352,-0.197954534106205,-0.197973576658108,-0.197995451231674,-0.198074773097614,-0.197950465579662,-0.197798833993943,-0.197500854994505,-0.197249846000278,-0.197183037514215,-0.197129480043711,-0.197021492318765,-0.196931397573892,-0.196846243793752,-0.196846679197002,-0.196568746300418,-0.196562577412083,-0.196528019123812,-0.196413177757086,-0.19569638900668,-0.194283561510633,-0.19351675941689,-0.193138639078923,-0.192892507859075,-0.192664678031266,-0.192558562382893,-0.192411101384362,-0.192385001769624,-0.192374074237233,-0.192382380840699,-0.192407943239607,-0.192769864867025,-0.193035300847187,-0.192983140385852,-0.191483522125869,-0.191427732843279,-0.191284507043934,-0.191082183920034,-0.190825388423809,-0.19040617218486,-0.189835674899122,-0.189669644190361,-0.189556574533773,-0.189425592334303,-0.189324764576995,-0.189216182791447,-0.189059142731784,-0.188773585175777,-0.188583331763713,-0.187978082434233,-0.18790180784115,-0.187841049456651,-0.187751221121209,-0.185490767572745,-0.18539338109459,-0.184701469788078,-0.184643157614281,-0.184468173927297,-0.184224338583977,-0.184078629609818,-0.183873523195251,-0.182749207874515,-0.181600661096019,-0.1804199529174,-0.180180989926901,-0.18003699093421,-0.179752197365744,-0.179312914226571,-0.179088969921379,-0.1790382071282,-0.178764647452515,-0.178571103840707,-0.178379288389096,-0.178353347829828,-0.17829858442891,-0.175790769494294,-0.173921648853743,-0.174152796062991,-0.17414147822684,-0.174123101300231,-0.17409474471006,-0.174035439655837,-0.173510971795143,-0.171981257188363,-0.170890244332954,-0.169542887017973,-0.169436030731126,-0.169261156030793,-0.169044131048258,-0.16845027364138,-0.168206090325869,-0.168044191560813,-0.166582893485816,-0.164961075174877,-0.163792745226817,-0.163619160448262,-0.163390237356192,-0.161919867347132,-0.160486835217735,-0.159445330378009,-0.1594381615381,-0.15863150541849,-0.157579594041988,-0.155849441531381,-0.155481976228795,-0.155221449794836,-0.154994684546225,-0.154746557595262,-0.154423277681548,-0.154181350326848,-0.153928112481956,-0.153416453870501,-0.152732436524032,-0.151481176416183,-0.150885298265325,-0.14992283102557,-0.147195842738457,-0.145815598878895,-0.145198552321867,-0.144852982830852,-0.144708482687922,-0.144646645682092,-0.144154815619383,-0.144179003205598,-0.143989710702594,-0.143496470808722,-0.143414726580513,-0.143513537606399,-0.143521002786906,-0.14352124348559,-0.143311974152749,-0.143093184030647,-0.142901144036028,-0.141415963227077,-0.140473926503575,-0.139804034023297,-0.139179887377623,-0.138736900605656,-0.138344067490447,-0.138255625541467,-0.138206857720262,-0.138170871098403,-0.138035886922184,-0.137033157371586,-0.136321947136129,-0.135851796445352,-0.135258286800735,-0.13434280120238,-0.134474009614734,-0.134070421110412,-0.134013392592561,-0.133977382491427,-0.13394255568256,-0.133910315825321,-0.133867185012613,-0.133622567196582,-0.133004706726135,-0.132568930419663,-0.13247477548678,-0.131586326946513,-0.131162792423058,-0.131114818301953,-0.131076890071506,-0.130831814913578,-0.130427397671815,-0.130369472856184,-0.130372900384501,-0.130466114061374,-0.130471565280648,-0.13043841609463,-0.129852548059181,-0.129689672967984,-0.129361463501879,-0.12912019739449,-0.129008739974038,-0.128997401922354,-0.128869508373046,-0.128364426985142,-0.128272909750902,-0.127989047781049,-0.127714204833264,-0.127602673155178,-0.127452408670868,-0.127352810674775,-0.12727873166272,-0.127177991045854,-0.127042990090057,-0.126944505361675,-0.126867326636922,-0.126668765450667,-0.12619825769088,-0.125262138038102,-0.124492964067321,-0.12397726975416,-0.123584880950591,-0.123380024793705,-0.122894192447536,-0.12209822949033,-0.121843397667666,-0.121316247961204,-0.120346897393076,-0.119493176283105,-0.11932170376564,-0.118853629857244,-0.118700472890899,-0.118657841186778,-0.118623962185677,-0.118405508587872,-0.118379286714726,-0.117617223503495,-0.117276474070387,-0.114718366080205,-0.11468598723881,-0.113859293860586,-0.112307966611989,-0.112325233052086,-0.111707906350371,-0.111687732808344,-0.111606814954749,-0.111575917745851,-0.111552482347103,-0.111410226575459,-0.111137755824273,-0.11110152702447,-0.111332090789191,-0.111980720788797,-0.111858315001003,-0.111738660287467,-0.112337586731119,-0.112213983404122,-0.112374935834319,-0.112347468453124,-0.112414908058147,-0.112200596696276,-0.112058355387402,-0.112189015570229,-0.112167160899902,-0.112157599490283,-0.111887466956159,-0.111770726641328,-0.111710767084118,-0.111567209906137,-0.1115304891266,-0.111557461911558,-0.111574223362741,-0.111586737167839,-0.111574406694964,-0.111671083980626,-0.111675832304812,-0.11187365623919,-0.111892173329909,-0.112228476223039,-0.112568142143346,-0.112608635954042,-0.113021053286844,-0.113437938926931,-0.114282531220206,-0.115125203754204,-0.115322697994694,-0.115380786659149,-0.115813514853439,-0.116175970356777,-0.116219657020405,-0.116915908742452,-0.116869023740572,-0.117675210359518,-0.117771177059154,-0.117784360589098,-0.117888499686302,-0.118216864391959,-0.118357450541322,-0.11837524669019,-0.118454273058552,-0.118533373372364,-0.11852484738149,-0.118859269245492,-0.118885743378232,-0.11932260372991,-0.119949973421279,-0.120175825076932,-0.120073656327189,-0.120362764581867,-0.120499202143895,-0.12080514846705,-0.120986056772022,-0.121374826631237,-0.121246219716249,-0.121309107082208,-0.121310695012852,-0.121313538185502,-0.121371804768954,-0.121451492063808,-0.121465302800761,-0.121646170420322,-0.121592926575832,-0.121643885587791,-0.121812747466111,-0.12194501567292,-0.121998075593544,-0.122011443472686,-0.122279965436834,-0.122364446975884,-0.122490620129297,-0.122596521498428,-0.122686913952481,-0.122872864250556,-0.12298238040129,-0.123089272538637,-0.122981902687297,-0.123054898455911,-0.123414958829949,-0.123489868091283,-0.123623187916958,-0.123670846019951,-0.123547385235192,-0.123585299899404,-0.123599290426761,-0.123749774345652,-0.123762510787629,-0.123769450849494,-0.123651234470161,-0.124121242914599,-0.124494898721828,-0.124515532154403,-0.124553215104186,-0.12455073574472,-0.124640596511021,-0.12468182708295,-0.124816895606112,-0.124924804129716,-0.124834068128141,-0.124903417839164,-0.124947412986136,-0.125282913820859,-0.125376514524237,-0.125468566259239,-0.125601070861683,-0.125791339156452,-0.126408888020058,-0.126604756188259,-0.126818817376949,-0.126921901396523,-0.126975234224896,-0.127044475337078,-0.127249764195921,-0.12730424149962,-0.127511470178373,-0.12773298491912,-0.12839274871076,-0.128483966508269,-0.128490239597538,-0.128550017759316,-0.128967243103442,-0.129016332003862,-0.129065420898767,-0.13121921443167,-0.131346347858368,-0.131464330024162,-0.131667450799979,-0.13190707004406,-0.132109491022176,-0.132337710298596,-0.132353800768143,-0.132663653517375,-0.133491259225204,-0.133880575708658,-0.134010149038628,-0.134376131126578,-0.134380522647748,-0.134896904957158,-0.134989649709854,-0.136034219264511,-0.136022197321267,-0.136628035196887,-0.136878403053282,-0.137151397770196,-0.138134055153737,-0.138487251287635,-0.138939691098784,-0.139028932427373,-0.139911197331192,-0.140339291004007,-0.140575838040386,-0.140903555429147,-0.142233722428807,-0.142846203737334,-0.143470766308356,-0.14359670345735,-0.14372282319979,-0.143997091861568,-0.144230583210376,-0.145514145621239,-0.146133327700994,-0.14682971061126,-0.147807360204865,-0.148254851461058,-0.148986633666613,-0.149028784535068,-0.149025181713708,-0.149018700037449,-0.148968631622113,-0.148965582045581,-0.14905265918454,-0.149082325032322,-0.149080194162342,-0.149089797073553,-0.149106706310524,-0.149125382501617,-0.149153277515171,-0.149162605500939,-0.1492674815501,-0.14935804031908,-0.149603616432892,-0.149675526035722,-0.149643401523564,-0.149567418928137,-0.149499563646605,-0.149299334176909,-0.149255237690833,-0.149237835228247,-0.149219082271819,-0.149216255952997,-0.149239714860001,-0.14926449199055,-0.150003833152949],"lat":[51.4854842186522,51.4858955834175,51.485977032273,51.48609243618,51.4862327269607,51.4868751184032,51.4870562742295,51.4881802035728,51.4890345498865,51.48960623172,51.4900487971086,51.4904468354,51.4906697451387,51.4908959098913,51.4910504221607,51.4914506662725,51.4919627479213,51.4932014611355,51.4932215490546,51.4938560788893,51.4944940660079,51.4946376670383,51.4947261541456,51.4947799775127,51.4948793095762,51.4950640626455,51.4953383246886,51.4955024351049,51.4956281442407,51.4975106870336,51.4977623471358,51.4985662612443,51.4990177607874,51.5010795813384,51.5012055833323,51.5012597981415,51.50133097485,51.501413698761,51.5015149558394,51.5022482119847,51.5022501450081,51.5022331944934,51.5021028052436,51.5017653151792,51.5017035909736,51.501656710526,51.501589589274,51.5014941389717,51.5013949808279,51.5012258648341,51.5004703948663,51.5002923801936,51.5001300712244,51.4986967539444,51.4992418635257,51.4983003385982,51.4985206122765,51.4988840210572,51.4989969885012,51.4990209865796,51.4989025950631,51.4986878450744,51.4986080149441,51.4985325475512,51.4984692004819,51.498392025421,51.4983008933307,51.4982209772381,51.4977783741105,51.4986857887716,51.5014609815418,51.501421655342,51.5014294321292,51.5014212265233,51.5014481691743,51.5014778348994,51.5014981234077,51.5015664855504,51.5017933582974,51.5021122177485,51.5048907681723,51.5077716824876,51.5101790060885,51.5101572514768,51.5100762060669,51.5100185496,51.5099398408195,51.5098680926941,51.5118135302975,51.5116916713935,51.5117564298167,51.5127124850431,51.5150317010896,51.514956063125,51.5145512181872,51.516775689924,51.5167766107297,51.5168466064156,51.5179766855319,51.5177992030149,51.5188469952925,51.5194729290038,51.5197643530536,51.5198679303141,51.5199384482254,51.5200686996214,51.5202612481904,51.5203022413226,51.5204525567442,51.5205715278,51.5206226712767,51.5206364328147,51.5207084820846,51.520817624319,51.5208990096026,51.520886818003,51.5208627207864,51.520851231296,51.5208367069361,51.520821305644,51.520710765602,51.5207104416576,51.5207950077999,51.5214599556291,51.5219312254935,51.521982193224,51.5220397983558,51.5223468071364,51.5226167552075,51.5227419615848,51.5230190214411,51.5230485808622,51.523079937582,51.5231317780356,51.5233172072242,51.5234588396414,51.5236083939092,51.5238394318987,51.5240533831343,51.5247175926801,51.5249284500699,51.525297229114,51.5255332103765,51.5257387676717,51.525942619938,51.5260654607141,51.526124528217,51.5261850225577,51.526238837221,51.5262409648891,51.5262576196499,51.5262817238031,51.5263060476174,51.5263166888126,51.526427483387,51.5265044200395,51.5265781755446,51.5266438663432,51.526681471055,51.5267558167516,51.5268132683782,51.5268667491566,51.5268968350993,51.5268738261523,51.5268030778034,51.5267598980479,51.5267198727557,51.5269147601344,51.5272615723167,51.5274053869135,51.5274976465609,51.5275893803027,51.5276574628257,51.5276841829613,51.52782782276,51.5279281917981,51.528874199699,51.529072747944,51.5292565443946,51.529560877241,51.5297253625424,51.529734700457,51.5297736302525,51.5297978078625,51.5298440803208,51.5298786037776,51.5299118339257,51.5299506535638,51.5299932652977,51.5300725266309,51.5301725020037,51.5302584488471,51.5303383678306,51.5303951177918,51.5305633511674,51.5309851947972,51.5310765120382,51.5311966535944,51.5312479455457,51.5312909299453,51.5313229545155,51.5313432959154,51.5313643167999,51.5313894585184,51.5315183438419,51.5315924278587,51.5316127896224,51.5316534037815,51.5316919138235,51.5317663905116,51.5317758558027,51.5317883009028,51.5317949389836,51.5318112588096,51.5318419528093,51.5319052237423,51.5319592210377,51.5320117762196,51.5322130801881,51.5322414842282,51.5323727410895,51.5324725889865,51.5325657489133,51.5326352622141,51.5327769056643,51.5328200019688,51.5328377136869,51.5328404812394,51.5328519666834,51.5328580681105,51.5328976937511,51.5329267935623,51.5329503946834,51.5329569077881,51.5329425090811,51.5329152549318,51.5328857494691,51.5328806518766,51.5328965891455,51.5329025426808,51.5328589951621,51.5327814606234,51.5326759930478,51.5326001222362,51.5325662383878,51.5325597501132,51.5323948546966,51.5323010958825,51.5322195282149,51.5321551462578,51.5320447689208,51.5319078801452,51.5318586803124,51.5318040219132,51.5316971136232,51.531618108735,51.531358830939,51.5312376219429,51.5311507780468,51.5310892825553,51.5310883617407,51.5309933629193,51.5309361091764,51.5308554227366,51.5307937720026,51.5307367695605,51.5306616382416,51.5304448546396,51.5303716532076,51.5301200496323,51.5300775010169,51.5299357858846,51.5296136319042,51.5291615961869,51.5291121235928,51.529017251357,51.5288497174678,51.528769078214,51.5287262506258,51.5286159630929,51.528368560475,51.5279004235994,51.5278526816541,51.5279297562188,51.5279422181215,51.5279476897042,51.527944231506,51.527925761119,51.5278552105605,51.527734718788,51.5276540106305,51.527700676392,51.5277361147851,51.5279061044225,51.5287520594589,51.5304640592374,51.5313694804287,51.5318159758023,51.5321332139349,51.5324615244222,51.5326289470145,51.5328937498279,51.533006652165,51.5332097124844,51.5332548025808,51.5333010578074,51.5336645322507,51.5339887512216,51.5340679802974,51.5362893788329,51.5362417581968,51.5361082607612,51.5359378822304,51.5357594693534,51.5355317900255,51.5352649060294,51.5351975985797,51.5351401006564,51.535061643596,51.5349863495408,51.5348884546545,51.5347763229909,51.5345237236383,51.5345945239389,51.5348765311815,51.5349454939022,51.5349868197486,51.5350339911873,51.5371626268331,51.537254641697,51.5379012833074,51.5379534362754,51.5380748238303,51.5381870522946,51.5382612325405,51.5383785559741,51.5387658043691,51.5391454725423,51.5394994519396,51.5395613900607,51.5395924282151,51.5396464605324,51.5397052886008,51.5397521704663,51.5397594757283,51.539784904264,51.5397926904102,51.5397933091299,51.5397929063358,51.5397920559741,51.5396146039827,51.5394767166221,51.5382771268123,51.5381996157342,51.5381543675483,51.5381062663036,51.5380387992387,51.5376322699843,51.5383826922363,51.5377928684696,51.5385973591516,51.5385651175327,51.5385030385752,51.5384133241923,51.5381198930797,51.5379883878833,51.5378905399305,51.5369001244485,51.5357794866656,51.5362189209256,51.5363043297789,51.5364032599441,51.5368586292672,51.5372812937002,51.5363621156099,51.5363611038893,51.5365193017063,51.536751876803,51.5371041731177,51.5372054062115,51.53726515607,51.5373101491532,51.5373485110754,51.5373910856555,51.5374187529702,51.537440846327,51.5374705618878,51.5375191431907,51.5346272409583,51.5333202369789,51.5312053201574,51.5250411001184,51.5252701807763,51.5239942834452,51.5240553629894,51.5240638685384,51.524060192715,51.5239957595937,51.5246418028463,51.5246882665357,51.5246229091363,51.5245415822002,51.5240260780606,51.5239488608122,51.5239074991753,51.5238781086844,51.5238701490726,51.5238778998001,51.5226484835626,51.5218880754033,51.5213477955626,51.5208172299913,51.5204397105202,51.5201403208356,51.5200822643413,51.5200410240228,51.5200044828107,51.5198152961155,51.5188848367814,51.5191469106287,51.5186943105288,51.5189330694953,51.5180210593297,51.5179494076993,51.5175617056484,51.5175464103904,51.517545837505,51.5175515781899,51.5175645540287,51.517597140101,51.5177281355759,51.5173639975772,51.517164620582,51.5167179922015,51.5169439429314,51.5170091355048,51.5170191621254,51.5170302480493,51.5171018798722,51.5165945513677,51.5164956096567,51.5164471047174,51.5161770165942,51.5160790850788,51.5159382734765,51.5144775414204,51.5141260346205,51.5134832308953,51.513462296885,51.5134389369109,51.5134342597848,51.5133899546883,51.5131247097973,51.5130719919931,51.5128597344136,51.5127087692476,51.5126521344013,51.5126614257306,51.512665231071,51.5126793355654,51.5127109993337,51.5128752052539,51.5129572629747,51.5130117840619,51.513144399878,51.5133715887808,51.5137765803566,51.5141518611142,51.5144610498467,51.5147155561685,51.5147905136155,51.5151442387934,51.5146279160214,51.514866633854,51.5147880496795,51.514598063987,51.5145052449987,51.5145393649956,51.5146712428806,51.5147155475113,51.5148407591101,51.5149634133317,51.5150183604607,51.5150251338202,51.5152260288338,51.5153806266667,51.5160400543908,51.5159864779962,51.5148203439119,51.5151469946228,51.5152174142986,51.5152983018929,51.5153330480016,51.5153380399993,51.5152835873165,51.5152229599901,51.5147944231786,51.5139600241667,51.5138254518724,51.5137913961781,51.5136849362033,51.5134734395637,51.5131954422792,51.5130360234332,51.5128883549021,51.5128297961315,51.5127969809219,51.5127692901735,51.5125149490259,51.5123301108989,51.512307034936,51.512277907036,51.5122651635785,51.5119667591017,51.512001749131,51.5119531233328,51.5117304947098,51.5116426757976,51.5114434756567,51.5113169506866,51.5109097899796,51.5107549197,51.5107519800121,51.5108114072474,51.5108020025571,51.5107375543465,51.5107249827591,51.5107007740232,51.5107670712317,51.5107260468222,51.5106814958236,51.5105745782929,51.5104442432423,51.5104078498269,51.5103970929549,51.5103177172036,51.5102300171303,51.5102190285186,51.5100395676041,51.5099533857072,51.5096938533036,51.5097430539132,51.5097378699656,51.5096936792413,51.5095937355255,51.50953933812,51.5095621049743,51.5095327981697,51.509501693991,51.5094637885609,51.5093216753058,51.5093436820168,51.5091285723659,51.5087663397673,51.5086009002745,51.5085273223649,51.5082954524154,51.5083417023891,51.5080507504572,51.5078567124323,51.5074088173005,51.507347406456,51.5072548914576,51.5072513198792,51.5072522646766,51.5072720823376,51.5071915266633,51.5071710650401,51.5069077828207,51.5068709599179,51.5067881454837,51.5066065028133,51.5064386619824,51.5064449071572,51.5064001585279,51.5060024915767,51.5060155344366,51.5057855469069,51.5055228615984,51.5052518346545,51.5047593221803,51.5043384256807,51.5040164050026,51.503999399305,51.5039061458984,51.5024722021384,51.5018412250946,51.5018226753858,51.5011885644112,51.5011425256055,51.5008859455188,51.5006505647341,51.5006349872847,51.5005704447385,51.5005067087114,51.5004733434637,51.4981149239305,51.4961371443478,51.4960556421417,51.4958044534219,51.4956191672592,51.4947986852785,51.4947067213551,51.493697219248,51.4930334958632,51.4929628023391,51.4927121197739,51.4925878267564,51.4918189319404,51.4916441742203,51.4915071603906,51.4913321251155,51.4911184456751,51.4903207826721,51.4900757174548,51.4898084611411,51.4897183836906,51.4896823660904,51.489644804043,51.4895563586763,51.4895275532491,51.489286264981,51.4890829731742,51.4884136681131,51.4882262803204,51.488213790861,51.4880906476364,51.4878212340987,51.4878184203192,51.487815606519,51.4863616828399,51.4862818766233,51.4862145140241,51.4861080413558,51.4859895602242,51.485900161502,51.4858138710995,51.4858078325884,51.4856976625669,51.4855004131375,51.4854193816717,51.4853854734429,51.485276192104,51.4852744634625,51.4851855583714,51.4853129292113,51.4851281050153,51.4850343913895,51.4849415051191,51.4849122109597,51.4848931675316,51.4848134532127,51.4848055718887,51.4848010631565,51.4848024794784,51.4848182764862,51.4848457493163,51.4848728811252,51.4849248385504,51.4851896177919,51.4852874465948,51.4854070455552,51.4854270244483,51.4854425098252,51.485463037797,51.4854946101006,51.4856309202603,51.4856703862749,51.4856885877458,51.4856257990011,51.4856013925215,51.4855634872066,51.4856963428251,51.4857853120505,51.4858742358322,51.4859013223537,51.4861188935521,51.4861382531301,51.4861881803278,51.4862052325084,51.4862170743781,51.4862263338108,51.4862275278499,51.4862144793391,51.4861975407543,51.4861686214178,51.486208718545,51.4861910118824,51.4860869339421,51.486062147195,51.4860177840361,51.4859861386303,51.4859155346721,51.4858662790246,51.4858336312379,51.4857631934878,51.4857262794872,51.4855737766514,51.4855310035404,51.4854842186522]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.142415881006558,-0.142501030797427,-0.142536491732009,-0.142224516478278,-0.141890202569618,-0.141670491574708,-0.141541451009308,-0.141303437710259,-0.141202057802073,-0.141197279648517,-0.141145612425643,-0.141111787658669,-0.141036305843825,-0.140690308365341,-0.14068164481597,-0.140670891832684,-0.140667384989428,-0.140672981555935,-0.140682573825803,-0.140816937110218,-0.140817266536634,-0.140802884325849,-0.140755314917982,-0.140718791936926,-0.140622603546761,-0.140592691824904,-0.140597506691602,-0.140638819059633,-0.140659053474364,-0.140699094474202,-0.140805275155435,-0.140996580622733,-0.141018109283277,-0.141043302679164,-0.141043240988706,-0.141032182216857,-0.141077863935089,-0.141056431153774,-0.141031590353402,-0.141005943410488,-0.140937800944196,-0.140884321136182,-0.140804071249631,-0.140702232063821,-0.140529124705522,-0.139693035224613,-0.139451093461727,-0.139267809779572,-0.138515281916148,-0.138394434283573,-0.137445614683876,-0.137384266604767,-0.137272379403083,-0.13717894952942,-0.13701742479802,-0.136544149109666,-0.13591279950435,-0.135474818664507,-0.135337594930336,-0.135255968183567,-0.135204173599614,-0.135147164143671,-0.135089227836075,-0.134883424418701,-0.134722445380085,-0.134639481535653,-0.134379545100974,-0.134005060841134,-0.133250486225784,-0.132161839674472,-0.131840732202357,-0.131354913736951,-0.131244982587744,-0.131027115163055,-0.130925607850139,-0.130879065802476,-0.130837363982543,-0.130814143476399,-0.130762018457591,-0.130714495487674,-0.130344870235105,-0.130162847563555,-0.13002552769981,-0.129834688260511,-0.129350007314999,-0.129347124530419,-0.129137592123756,-0.128235731042259,-0.127972394100059,-0.127781754030544,-0.127699443582272,-0.127609889675736,-0.127268638604243,-0.127204105619686,-0.127173131885963,-0.127138978207029,-0.127088637738488,-0.126888229439867,-0.12665369245887,-0.126509391853384,-0.126395659313426,-0.126361950176798,-0.126155334267936,-0.12599407699568,-0.125909697405353,-0.125938516506039,-0.125900560326803,-0.125827201019105,-0.125741164753912,-0.125689972869206,-0.125479478539465,-0.125266808372827,-0.125093200182192,-0.125086251733335,-0.12500890622097,-0.124861094222693,-0.124297613672376,-0.124050336957998,-0.123734371749593,-0.123378024644622,-0.123176280451748,-0.123075520511935,-0.12272443836027,-0.122606985467736,-0.122520976356958,-0.122400724785628,-0.122352307278812,-0.122340604054314,-0.122329122819241,-0.122338704102011,-0.122341030660235,-0.122340403315935,-0.122360522142287,-0.122464719851335,-0.122563452971613,-0.122553265107461,-0.122556113049131,-0.121995523906944,-0.121218885239303,-0.119895987894153,-0.119011421037366,-0.118141158591545,-0.117557690913294,-0.117102934308749,-0.116532520664817,-0.116052924025181,-0.1160166880765,-0.115943332060229,-0.115880247197116,-0.115841099094965,-0.115807015470925,-0.115783314149998,-0.115726922909826,-0.115680264420048,-0.11556976348858,-0.11552873769624,-0.115476112151255,-0.115432421413322,-0.115303556683591,-0.114705667403184,-0.114494835383188,-0.113824851888912,-0.113760400661362,-0.113625356606437,-0.113437713776847,-0.112949388983406,-0.113224671473578,-0.113735337654034,-0.11425342179999,-0.114206816346068,-0.114103165008543,-0.113880834858294,-0.113679656167517,-0.113612148880428,-0.113506859725837,-0.113212170965062,-0.112563048219487,-0.112357917145219,-0.112194220247546,-0.111885071783423,-0.111201357912202,-0.110602557799403,-0.109985219809988,-0.109809631003374,-0.10960467311539,-0.109481577706053,-0.1093216609607,-0.109244466628781,-0.10899126745988,-0.108966752160185,-0.10875833635703,-0.10860216878104,-0.10833695578676,-0.108285741772481,-0.108274441011435,-0.107020549148219,-0.106647748219447,-0.106501627746717,-0.106352529031939,-0.106165063664447,-0.106036470718735,-0.105884415279116,-0.10548951763617,-0.105349923289653,-0.105837359341725,-0.106199873885832,-0.106531131797356,-0.107049293021372,-0.107406188855007,-0.107591391006849,-0.107826646104367,-0.108191685838847,-0.10903384549072,-0.109532285560698,-0.110476002325436,-0.111626484179056,-0.112339142515622,-0.113029796095814,-0.113821071839928,-0.113812548325567,-0.113786977862585,-0.113742430012431,-0.11371913133018,-0.113448621712555,-0.112860897630063,-0.11215391548118,-0.112133313578149,-0.111868761143522,-0.111606814954749,-0.111687732808344,-0.111707906350371,-0.112325233052086,-0.112307966611989,-0.113859293860586,-0.11468598723881,-0.114718366080205,-0.117276474070387,-0.117617223503495,-0.118379286714726,-0.118405508587872,-0.118623962185677,-0.118657841186778,-0.118700472890899,-0.118853629857244,-0.11932170376564,-0.119493176283105,-0.120346897393076,-0.121316247961204,-0.121843397667666,-0.12209822949033,-0.122894192447536,-0.123380024793705,-0.123584880950591,-0.12397726975416,-0.124492964067321,-0.125262138038102,-0.12619825769088,-0.126668765450667,-0.126867326636922,-0.126944505361675,-0.127042990090057,-0.127177991045854,-0.12727873166272,-0.127352810674775,-0.127452408670868,-0.127602673155178,-0.127714204833264,-0.127989047781049,-0.128272909750902,-0.128364426985142,-0.128869508373046,-0.128997401922354,-0.129008739974038,-0.12912019739449,-0.129361463501879,-0.129689672967984,-0.129852548059181,-0.13043841609463,-0.130471565280648,-0.130466114061374,-0.130372900384501,-0.130369472856184,-0.130427397671815,-0.130831814913578,-0.131076890071506,-0.131114818301953,-0.131162792423058,-0.131586326946513,-0.13247477548678,-0.132568930419663,-0.133004706726135,-0.133622567196582,-0.133867185012613,-0.133910315825321,-0.13394255568256,-0.133977382491427,-0.134013392592561,-0.134070421110412,-0.134474009614734,-0.13434280120238,-0.135258286800735,-0.135851796445352,-0.136321947136129,-0.137033157371586,-0.138035886922184,-0.138170871098403,-0.138206857720262,-0.138255625541467,-0.138344067490447,-0.138736900605656,-0.139179887377623,-0.139804034023297,-0.140473926503575,-0.141415963227077,-0.142901144036028,-0.143093184030647,-0.143311974152749,-0.14352124348559,-0.143521002786906,-0.143513537606399,-0.143414726580513,-0.143496470808722,-0.143989710702594,-0.144179003205598,-0.144154815619383,-0.144646645682092,-0.144708482687922,-0.144852982830852,-0.145198552321867,-0.145815598878895,-0.147195842738457,-0.14992283102557,-0.150885298265325,-0.151481176416183,-0.152732436524032,-0.153416453870501,-0.153928112481956,-0.154181350326848,-0.154423277681548,-0.154746557595262,-0.154994684546225,-0.155221449794836,-0.155481976228795,-0.155849441531381,-0.157579594041988,-0.15863150541849,-0.1594381615381,-0.159445330378009,-0.160486835217735,-0.161919867347132,-0.163390237356192,-0.163619160448262,-0.163792745226817,-0.164961075174877,-0.166582893485816,-0.168044191560813,-0.168206090325869,-0.16845027364138,-0.169044131048258,-0.169261156030793,-0.169436030731126,-0.169542887017973,-0.170890244332954,-0.171981257188363,-0.173510971795143,-0.174035439655837,-0.17409474471006,-0.174123101300231,-0.17414147822684,-0.174152796062991,-0.173921648853743,-0.175790769494294,-0.17829858442891,-0.178353347829828,-0.178379288389096,-0.178571103840707,-0.178764647452515,-0.1790382071282,-0.179088969921379,-0.179312914226571,-0.179752197365744,-0.18003699093421,-0.180180989926901,-0.1804199529174,-0.181600661096019,-0.182749207874515,-0.183873523195251,-0.184078629609818,-0.184224338583977,-0.184468173927297,-0.184643157614281,-0.184701469788078,-0.18539338109459,-0.185490767572745,-0.187751221121209,-0.187841049456651,-0.18790180784115,-0.187978082434233,-0.188583331763713,-0.188773585175777,-0.189059142731784,-0.189216182791447,-0.189324764576995,-0.189425592334303,-0.189556574533773,-0.189669644190361,-0.189835674899122,-0.19040617218486,-0.190825388423809,-0.191082183920034,-0.191284507043934,-0.191427732843279,-0.191483522125869,-0.192462486244892,-0.192650587008638,-0.193755575219978,-0.195442191329178,-0.196391447558528,-0.196539487669122,-0.196692242913947,-0.196855158305484,-0.197796486915674,-0.198874653757356,-0.198876095004917,-0.199405903487094,-0.201228997636206,-0.201931838038752,-0.201958266863474,-0.20272246986189,-0.20321809402436,-0.203589429303565,-0.203736552976979,-0.204272371214599,-0.205136467387009,-0.2057674720151,-0.206336808220783,-0.206813747681064,-0.207254248438303,-0.207309293919007,-0.207562928131721,-0.207973945667937,-0.208601915386492,-0.2091721058982,-0.209756681464636,-0.210318348591523,-0.210749515736036,-0.211280292260074,-0.211430171517426,-0.211729967514755,-0.211941059513216,-0.212380048576633,-0.212491185904601,-0.21280793287146,-0.21289927931977,-0.2132391712601,-0.21346240525241,-0.213501363117314,-0.213285319323126,-0.213000283650929,-0.212511748455117,-0.212129439791493,-0.21169772237359,-0.21124687852563,-0.210844630077308,-0.210031158006928,-0.210026974027358,-0.209566493317584,-0.209538577096314,-0.209237166915551,-0.208856362843739,-0.208845147222668,-0.208334029620933,-0.208038367454926,-0.207522785055855,-0.206991447375961,-0.206496043020589,-0.206335901825987,-0.206215640632906,-0.206089577256377,-0.205992276867574,-0.205966149647765,-0.205893866922465,-0.20589799620958,-0.205903425708287,-0.205865409179887,-0.205877555193832,-0.205837425570728,-0.205815267913235,-0.205779120466556,-0.205346615652161,-0.205104621102037,-0.204975880266507,-0.20478934040396,-0.204310814019473,-0.204082136983353,-0.203948937619088,-0.203676772031354,-0.203347743839881,-0.202790673297245,-0.201850200466337,-0.201648851248015,-0.201338312920117,-0.200981841009886,-0.200551452267322,-0.200169253281652,-0.199991607657849,-0.199410043942753,-0.199464126536513,-0.199484957564976,-0.199501898181465,-0.199517565901497,-0.199604120356709,-0.199669249571492,-0.199675699582656,-0.19967367683673,-0.199660262414608,-0.199624122282022,-0.199498094606404,-0.199126239032266,-0.199052306774677,-0.198906735619305,-0.19879129834346,-0.198639022061463,-0.198580344229701,-0.198533271169692,-0.198507646534196,-0.198499017366628,-0.198500103828517,-0.198479166063002,-0.198231075947562,-0.198229634184465,-0.197984674281006,-0.197623271048067,-0.197564250449301,-0.197346747655628,-0.197034300487128,-0.196817790890171,-0.196680273824528,-0.196766361983845,-0.196817476891547,-0.196842644359842,-0.19693210651446,-0.196944585016122,-0.196922540506125,-0.196903748117593,-0.196918712657358,-0.196919621285461,-0.196813104705793,-0.196750790874219,-0.196649310624145,-0.196594667704257,-0.196243946890923,-0.196124845136566,-0.19595810878671,-0.195594805028179,-0.195348378930915,-0.195077781350578,-0.194852005137339,-0.194612131717607,-0.194612826848974,-0.194569021068512,-0.194481818290482,-0.194402749893686,-0.194301733727536,-0.194279821649871,-0.194110327680844,-0.193982236874729,-0.193852775792493,-0.193788819671964,-0.193615782206007,-0.192980519620864,-0.192320004437164,-0.191747039383658,-0.191406515272388,-0.191140340407698,-0.190960104942282,-0.190766408050286,-0.190663068086933,-0.190618716008472,-0.190515036495342,-0.190405201585453,-0.190371226555404,-0.190144608283544,-0.190160428595275,-0.190143070390611,-0.190021488473088,-0.190018826422111,-0.189997154884331,-0.189935230382091,-0.189900360011681,-0.189847407838962,-0.189643378402645,-0.189495991660818,-0.189422943895181,-0.189364972089387,-0.189311240683042,-0.189252134048403,-0.189187616508182,-0.189149661261221,-0.188701259375126,-0.188384820323114,-0.188415007731734,-0.18809345091538,-0.187918604403378,-0.187813316976565,-0.187728681649852,-0.187529843889691,-0.18744675751984,-0.187391104466374,-0.187277712853212,-0.187192898246747,-0.187016810342974,-0.186776593290015,-0.186721987991138,-0.186643810050383,-0.186564297235449,-0.186484784280905,-0.18647011394606,-0.186421562347075,-0.186371568694813,-0.186321610753865,-0.18627168852727,-0.18622036001279,-0.186167589445911,-0.18611489036498,-0.185681892178961,-0.185241467127211,-0.184750666403697,-0.184194875675629,-0.184008148814741,-0.183811408522525,-0.183481832505599,-0.183718919300307,-0.183567514704273,-0.183493254362695,-0.182210678020822,-0.182132098090761,-0.182000106107711,-0.181890059119457,-0.181828201606646,-0.181710935871843,-0.180918745732617,-0.180833813610361,-0.180974606975224,-0.180752453590255,-0.180515448781098,-0.180181177985309,-0.179724628904107,-0.179087247607361,-0.179061253985987,-0.179007824646885,-0.178955765577569,-0.178902264407275,-0.17884869140322,-0.178796560484424,-0.178744357723688,-0.17869211903184,-0.17863984440576,-0.178588975938524,-0.178538107451474,-0.178487167102338,-0.178437632904247,-0.178388062757782,-0.178385178562891,-0.178370613894669,-0.178357455398231,-0.178342890725581,-0.178328326050816,-0.178313761373935,-0.178299160770033,-0.178284596088629,-0.178271437577912,-0.178258243139018,-0.178245048697137,-0.178233296351028,-0.178222950174714,-0.178211161896488,-0.178200779787522,-0.178190397675346,-0.178179979632635,-0.178171039613838,-0.178162063664563,-0.178153087712135,-0.178145517929256,-0.178137948143395,-0.178131820455884,-0.178125692765941,-0.178119601002175,-0.178114915409636,-0.17811163598885,-0.178106950392738,-0.178105113071813,-0.178101833646699,-0.178099996323766,-0.178099637033028,-0.178099241812999,-0.178100288697303,-0.178101335582008,-0.178078358370704,-0.177695062010472,-0.177678044248188,-0.177386370905165,-0.176953812125973,-0.176514319651131,-0.175993022664532,-0.175924665574917,-0.175933599415306,-0.175192782018679,-0.175157405848761,-0.17488788154988,-0.174406904116158,-0.174351423414044,-0.17426140675537,-0.174106138018045,-0.173995643256281,-0.173851547960614,-0.173853539806975,-0.173730962087429,-0.173739592128894,-0.173743565778181,-0.173651861424396,-0.173548145011186,-0.173506722228513,-0.173461369186186,-0.173443199122646,-0.173376827573649,-0.173307607572411,-0.173295566156545,-0.173223497655923,-0.173149986794835,-0.173073699516416,-0.172694636932883,-0.172296174155066,-0.17209081171531,-0.171843049772249,-0.171811105868876,-0.171697030610583,-0.171358480996698,-0.171285290636148,-0.171008608687262,-0.170504566126702,-0.169946979958326,-0.169913485023669,-0.16914847658363,-0.168448330495342,-0.167373031807514,-0.167107164220429,-0.166853629405315,-0.166595483105598,-0.166321116070508,-0.166214295401422,-0.165956512422034,-0.165889810698426,-0.16577111833178,-0.1656335740724,-0.165271273441427,-0.164912039239224,-0.164894877991308,-0.164857707362073,-0.164820572941193,-0.164783402341506,-0.164746267951614,-0.164709097381474,-0.164671890628918,-0.164633241723429,-0.16459448423646,-0.164560017056032,-0.164473704330627,-0.16438728302517,-0.164300825532582,-0.164263329245814,-0.164176799358118,-0.164090233268932,-0.164003594763178,-0.163384827144251,-0.16260835550138,-0.161552911912002,-0.161494717535026,-0.161401693498899,-0.161308741923803,-0.161215862820854,-0.161123019934043,-0.16102877109826,-0.160933188860029,-0.160839085032276,-0.160820264263224,-0.160791312021919,-0.160760917606814,-0.160731929085264,-0.160701534664071,-0.160671176516164,-0.160642260537981,-0.160611938664193,-0.160583058961303,-0.16055280964356,-0.160545598787601,-0.160515385751345,-0.160485208998014,-0.160455032249074,-0.160424891785426,-0.160394787608836,-0.160366125609319,-0.16033749989879,-0.160331767501041,-0.160303178082672,-0.160274624956737,-0.160246071840524,-0.160218997187983,-0.160191922545686,-0.160166326367984,-0.15981360448335,-0.158862787285178,-0.156981423617426,-0.155391323001349,-0.153933217704961,-0.152706247313435,-0.151177331232014,-0.150350754842312,-0.150113697132124,-0.149775724964313,-0.149543159376401,-0.149162751166224,-0.14806753865107,-0.147096666420971,-0.146119448939136,-0.145128753727885,-0.144602694860356,-0.144417164702107,-0.144153419037327,-0.14385543073456,-0.142418012893595,-0.142412354607208,-0.142415881006558],"lat":[51.5691202668882,51.5690137056909,51.5689225442649,51.5686820038445,51.5683170133174,51.5676894593661,51.5672800585809,51.5661108694858,51.5656956116313,51.5656712563693,51.565416851255,51.5653263910674,51.5651606337104,51.5645877290024,51.5645525212232,51.564462426477,51.5643715473072,51.5643050919653,51.5642467931303,51.5638532549713,51.5636329454979,51.563525707617,51.5633478028651,51.5632528035489,51.5630642366381,51.5628425486671,51.5625476729959,51.5622776552594,51.5622060363927,51.5621086533064,51.5619107036557,51.5614650120493,51.5613970105983,51.5612391428083,51.5611699000452,51.5610519238764,51.560710035649,51.5605280487903,51.5604296376269,51.560350997054,51.5602177285266,51.5601494378588,51.5600654358354,51.5599801924023,51.5598029957931,51.5585847551629,51.5582562916355,51.558010589092,51.5570085840267,51.5568591905219,51.5556841062357,51.5555968048078,51.5554754289197,51.5553966104915,51.5552897334175,51.5550457161254,51.5548576364988,51.5547032008725,51.5546371736627,51.5545873171035,51.5545487255852,51.5544965624727,51.5544317951609,51.5541380674215,51.5539475659327,51.5538599193503,51.5536201839984,51.5533597421406,51.5528351685492,51.5521209264907,51.5519665390888,51.5517133081798,51.5516504084898,51.5515111518746,51.5514187109342,51.5513577199584,51.5512842166239,51.55121730244,51.5508702620593,51.5506572827032,51.5498924287712,51.5496179553924,51.5494844767331,51.5493195704017,51.5489692303079,51.5489691843432,51.5488381501721,51.5484262980332,51.5483060935326,51.548171761347,51.5481039035044,51.5480368292475,51.5477418248877,51.547662560238,51.5476090102002,51.5475275327187,51.5474538900475,51.5469956712978,51.5461043690544,51.5456146724942,51.5451884112365,51.5450610789365,51.5441927024285,51.5435543582396,51.5431861170814,51.5430462947317,51.5429170958996,51.542736973574,51.5424793133102,51.5421107028708,51.5417584312932,51.5414591801917,51.541192026665,51.541115479486,51.5408570582246,51.5405939135914,51.539813350123,51.5395144425504,51.5392378163323,51.5388913010742,51.5386425786226,51.5384979859461,51.5379186472698,51.5376191161383,51.5373614535799,51.5368847252629,51.536309329862,51.5360681436518,51.535821565486,51.5355186717107,51.5345861869671,51.5345663934299,51.5340424527963,51.5327366111148,51.5311078508197,51.5308298194279,51.5307255519734,51.5307894177393,51.5308480222188,51.5309374346623,51.530746101477,51.530557688801,51.5304071446188,51.5302820441078,51.530094835017,51.5298731116716,51.5298428544092,51.5297688368811,51.5296904880243,51.529626012383,51.5295436330511,51.5294542264672,51.52872492707,51.5283186151765,51.5279571394574,51.5278683537273,51.5277811801263,51.5277220268451,51.5275958597057,51.5272022713081,51.5270711888052,51.5266782354254,51.5266331356934,51.5265869006973,51.5265227338091,51.526408767201,51.5262360428225,51.5258791595275,51.5255169977782,51.5254586963913,51.5252807765616,51.5249049114155,51.5246103186499,51.5245345950832,51.5244312862712,51.5242368042073,51.5237938205528,51.5236996950945,51.5236494002499,51.5235607938452,51.5233969132327,51.5232712657728,51.5231408202658,51.5230993229712,51.5230708408838,51.5230149017886,51.5229430817505,51.5229274493943,51.5230195877409,51.5229850208986,51.5226921011927,51.522460273561,51.5221466536113,51.5220954694765,51.5220898917006,51.5221892630408,51.5216895558655,51.5214938576327,51.5212657379967,51.5209200957278,51.520684213452,51.520284287967,51.5191367571904,51.5185409947628,51.5183959942896,51.5182741539851,51.5181760878434,51.5180198880693,51.5178943563686,51.5178424901352,51.5177653527299,51.5177910246711,51.5178855378118,51.517926844972,51.5180751412422,51.5182078746157,51.5182625102648,51.5182916084764,51.5182575745493,51.5182196688536,51.5181059517624,51.5179631533752,51.5179340025893,51.517643689442,51.5170425261569,51.5162236194747,51.5161990080284,51.515799977237,51.5153380399993,51.5153330480016,51.5152983018929,51.5152174142986,51.5151469946228,51.5148203439119,51.5159864779962,51.5160400543908,51.5153806266667,51.5152260288338,51.5150251338202,51.5150183604607,51.5149634133317,51.5148407591101,51.5147155475113,51.5146712428806,51.5145393649956,51.5145052449987,51.514598063987,51.5147880496795,51.514866633854,51.5146279160214,51.5151442387934,51.5147905136155,51.5147155561685,51.5144610498467,51.5141518611142,51.5137765803566,51.5133715887808,51.513144399878,51.5130117840619,51.5129572629747,51.5128752052539,51.5127109993337,51.5126793355654,51.512665231071,51.5126614257306,51.5126521344013,51.5127087692476,51.5128597344136,51.5130719919931,51.5131247097973,51.5133899546883,51.5134342597848,51.5134389369109,51.513462296885,51.5134832308953,51.5141260346205,51.5144775414204,51.5159382734765,51.5160790850788,51.5161770165942,51.5164471047174,51.5164956096567,51.5165945513677,51.5171018798722,51.5170302480493,51.5170191621254,51.5170091355048,51.5169439429314,51.5167179922015,51.517164620582,51.5173639975772,51.5177281355759,51.517597140101,51.5175645540287,51.5175515781899,51.517545837505,51.5175464103904,51.5175617056484,51.5179494076993,51.5180210593297,51.5189330694953,51.5186943105288,51.5191469106287,51.5188848367814,51.5198152961155,51.5200044828107,51.5200410240228,51.5200822643413,51.5201403208356,51.5204397105202,51.5208172299913,51.5213477955626,51.5218880754033,51.5226484835626,51.5238778998001,51.5238701490726,51.5238781086844,51.5239074991753,51.5239488608122,51.5240260780606,51.5245415822002,51.5246229091363,51.5246882665357,51.5246418028463,51.5239957595937,51.524060192715,51.5240638685384,51.5240553629894,51.5239942834452,51.5252701807763,51.5250411001184,51.5312053201574,51.5333202369789,51.5346272409583,51.5375191431907,51.5374705618878,51.537440846327,51.5374187529702,51.5373910856555,51.5373485110754,51.5373101491532,51.53726515607,51.5372054062115,51.5371041731177,51.536751876803,51.5365193017063,51.5363611038893,51.5363621156099,51.5372812937002,51.5368586292672,51.5364032599441,51.5363043297789,51.5362189209256,51.5357794866656,51.5369001244485,51.5378905399305,51.5379883878833,51.5381198930797,51.5384133241923,51.5385030385752,51.5385651175327,51.5385973591516,51.5377928684696,51.5383826922363,51.5376322699843,51.5380387992387,51.5381062663036,51.5381543675483,51.5381996157342,51.5382771268123,51.5394767166221,51.5396146039827,51.5397920559741,51.5397929063358,51.5397933091299,51.5397926904102,51.539784904264,51.5397594757283,51.5397521704663,51.5397052886008,51.5396464605324,51.5395924282151,51.5395613900607,51.5394994519396,51.5391454725423,51.5387658043691,51.5383785559741,51.5382612325405,51.5381870522946,51.5380748238303,51.5379534362754,51.5379012833074,51.537254641697,51.5371626268331,51.5350339911873,51.5349868197486,51.5349454939022,51.5348765311815,51.5345945239389,51.5345237236383,51.5347763229909,51.5348884546545,51.5349863495408,51.535061643596,51.5351401006564,51.5351975985797,51.5352649060294,51.5355317900255,51.5357594693534,51.5359378822304,51.5361082607612,51.5362417581968,51.5362893788329,51.5371290710511,51.5372947317929,51.5382667442603,51.5397377801691,51.5406030593135,51.5407249341343,51.540836989593,51.5409474025246,51.5417226239704,51.5426123434436,51.54261236557,51.5430368462015,51.5446034111747,51.5452859167442,51.5453106012458,51.5460102285804,51.5464989128711,51.5468112396464,51.5469573704577,51.5474880304536,51.5482898850008,51.5488948323111,51.5494179018812,51.5498334463555,51.5501854853828,51.5502528700671,51.5504419881767,51.5507737907466,51.5512374954932,51.5516301743538,51.5520608378281,51.5524506831873,51.5527845815327,51.5531901373366,51.5533039275691,51.5535306087751,51.5537019832078,51.5541313136714,51.5542400160512,51.5545865511368,51.5546481913448,51.5549564105539,51.5551495487198,51.5551861113603,51.5552880323824,51.5554203755552,51.555702488276,51.5559241703305,51.556154989718,51.5563216701457,51.556463012002,51.5567536478203,51.5567499870451,51.5563535917827,51.5563297856372,51.5560338330871,51.5557393654798,51.5557311011341,51.5558896563851,51.5559615764346,51.5560867882116,51.5562090592633,51.5563345748982,51.5563716933855,51.556385141938,51.5563994008955,51.5564158979767,51.5564199946799,51.556203971737,51.55613569284,51.5560710307727,51.5559373623429,51.5555553721785,51.5554387569262,51.5553053309642,51.5553074759237,51.5553377300995,51.5553655017464,51.5554111918501,51.5554227257023,51.5555592811925,51.5556151309182,51.5556274798676,51.5556520890251,51.5556920131379,51.5557716069915,51.555916362901,51.5559375564314,51.5559840529821,51.5560613177676,51.5561473395084,51.5561819430931,51.5561873111036,51.5561927756869,51.5562844286659,51.5563414003219,51.5564603596963,51.5565019650665,51.5566480705276,51.5568253205055,51.5568811722233,51.5569323977481,51.5569798515303,51.5570548329834,51.5572507314786,51.5577171246227,51.5577627502405,51.5578324548323,51.557906218787,51.5580360690566,51.5580972156139,51.5581567418376,51.5582210935406,51.5582569305673,51.5584484849088,51.5587592997221,51.5589407333711,51.5589407112318,51.5591158977676,51.5588792427345,51.5589125071502,51.5590134773996,51.5591075929569,51.5591833988338,51.5592316427539,51.5593894331963,51.5595925472469,51.5598681007873,51.5598676770798,51.5598804581612,51.5600365867876,51.5604022877777,51.5606075439345,51.5606210464626,51.5606149134211,51.5606948871867,51.5606708466415,51.5607392481288,51.5606700113466,51.5606537925991,51.5606017710898,51.5605224472747,51.5604790910134,51.5604632387943,51.5604813473091,51.5605639836204,51.5606557165882,51.5607053998953,51.5607580123772,51.5607873697811,51.5608244825224,51.5608313392199,51.5608853827216,51.56091398535,51.5608679299923,51.5608435653231,51.5609506086111,51.561180923716,51.5615385381844,51.561580067147,51.5615811136179,51.5616354610957,51.5617055207743,51.5618239314816,51.5619194557667,51.5620554560647,51.5623775830093,51.562636668256,51.5627656345825,51.5634950184641,51.5637506460814,51.5639697924238,51.5645245453818,51.5646279166813,51.5647013199048,51.5648073740028,51.5649588073023,51.5650569066186,51.5652533898084,51.5652951784695,51.565354300303,51.5654334379555,51.5654784699734,51.565513527403,51.5655395089233,51.5655506132848,51.5655787628299,51.5657717101591,51.5658108434441,51.5659146864282,51.5659938171007,51.5660290598827,51.5660529314376,51.5660822329139,51.5661034304777,51.5661241525172,51.5661817505845,51.5662101151758,51.5664654759883,51.5666281233298,51.5666587528639,51.5667016074266,51.5667417435943,51.5667818797066,51.5667879476435,51.5668114766948,51.5668349834381,51.5668575914742,51.5668793008032,51.566900089136,51.5669208551559,51.5669398237812,51.5670518291149,51.5671691134292,51.567246949579,51.5673624452662,51.5674135099357,51.5674985903789,51.5677668572973,51.5679728558386,51.5680064817793,51.5680233169986,51.5686697909636,51.5687225279428,51.5688481749116,51.5689300990732,51.568961513226,51.5690073558419,51.5694051306002,51.5694361865285,51.5696685741201,51.5696669286735,51.5696758433887,51.5696994355281,51.5697858751423,51.5699198644006,51.5699203602782,51.5699213296374,51.5699241187138,51.5699268853871,51.569931449398,51.5699360357657,51.5699424194722,51.5699497018363,51.569957882858,51.5699669849211,51.5699760869619,51.5699869863422,51.5699988067668,51.570011525851,51.5700114810781,51.5700148519358,51.5700191438593,51.5700225147135,51.5700258855659,51.5700292564164,51.5700335259459,51.5700368967928,51.5700411887064,51.5700463792994,51.5700515698908,51.5700567828691,51.5700629169154,51.5700690285721,51.5700760612971,51.5700830940211,51.5700910254249,51.5700980805362,51.5701060343274,51.5701139881179,51.5701228629779,51.5701317378373,51.5701406350858,51.5701495323339,51.5701575309011,51.5701664505384,51.570176291246,51.5701852108829,51.5701950739802,51.5702049146875,51.5702147777847,51.5702237645913,51.5702336500784,51.5702435579556,51.5702534658328,51.5704311583055,51.5702732352672,51.570265777082,51.5701983004642,51.5701897826667,51.5700660529758,51.5698951889071,51.5698725446161,51.569793550475,51.5695554243066,51.5694298799621,51.5694220912826,51.5692536456495,51.5693058375946,51.5693916632641,51.5695214355057,51.5696141362428,51.5697171048502,51.5699194646283,51.5699175569838,51.5702423165745,51.5704312185996,51.5707750991136,51.5709866044661,51.5710480072105,51.5710994571364,51.571120756044,51.5711925612654,51.5712634228699,51.5712758247687,51.5713457427431,51.5714156382191,51.5714827927078,51.5716873125032,51.5719077152258,51.5719189042999,51.572051728974,51.5721285658619,51.5722382942171,51.5724038744244,51.5724297110323,51.5725279121952,51.5726459484968,51.5727676438312,51.572775214619,51.5728514069096,51.5728935362794,51.5729702690527,51.5729787060243,51.5729675517845,51.572927549286,51.5728603155675,51.5727894048913,51.5727404142587,51.5727483641403,51.5727572998205,51.572732668827,51.5726631587879,51.5725891993774,51.5725853340478,51.5725766596003,51.5725670864677,51.572558411997,51.572548838841,51.5725401643471,51.572532388515,51.5725245901151,51.5725194877232,51.5725153516634,51.5725086061639,51.5725045566214,51.5725014056888,51.5725008191152,51.5724994654381,51.5724990103704,51.5725003525854,51.5725284378571,51.5725666400384,51.5726876931103,51.5726993707387,51.5727158980709,51.572730627985,51.5727435604811,51.5727555942315,51.5727667066356,51.5727751003469,51.5727826179112,51.572784121415,51.5727863653632,51.5727885867004,51.5727917293055,51.5727939506272,51.5727952732695,51.5727966185093,51.5727970424647,51.5727974890184,51.5727961156156,51.5727960025832,51.5727937304994,51.5727905597364,51.5727873889657,51.5727833195158,51.5727783513869,51.5727734058591,51.572767561653,51.5727665725452,51.5727598296594,51.5727521880955,51.5727445465246,51.5727360288861,51.5727275112415,51.5727181175306,51.5725902901479,51.5721931987854,51.5720764391785,51.5719300570258,51.5718028154377,51.571705272499,51.571616448426,51.5715737475047,51.5715124591985,51.5713065998886,51.5712058146122,51.5710856114994,51.5708003579202,51.5706159740798,51.5704458697781,51.5702170934963,51.5701305427331,51.5700799492008,51.5700011411082,51.5699127983444,51.5692803658388,51.5692775785376,51.5691202668882]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0793794679952908,-0.0793450658328605,-0.0792433132778058,-0.0791027549534167,-0.0790548282792321,-0.0790471062324555,-0.07887132945488,-0.0787364332869772,-0.0787212763552402,-0.0787369282447463,-0.0787909331361159,-0.0787483081921752,-0.0790892798592161,-0.0790992470989345,-0.0790492293600214,-0.0789625214053599,-0.0788825890062166,-0.0785441684989222,-0.0785152152122937,-0.0785022608992913,-0.0783982081493266,-0.078166787953061,-0.0779632893376501,-0.0777894969809648,-0.0775781067686937,-0.0770781588534066,-0.0769192153049312,-0.0768826844426672,-0.0768865170161536,-0.0768939908941509,-0.0768954331090376,-0.0765587463298985,-0.076285614490146,-0.0762764388450584,-0.0761725600335151,-0.0761509201905723,-0.0760821198057568,-0.0757814386890466,-0.0757762070610501,-0.0757585016575725,-0.0756992285896379,-0.0756935817364355,-0.0756408644135954,-0.0756214223397679,-0.0755840919508136,-0.0755665834244084,-0.0754118867349699,-0.074834519324432,-0.0746180847022504,-0.0744215088260629,-0.0741969268839624,-0.0740496180799881,-0.0738330695955609,-0.0735211699505754,-0.0731407510723234,-0.072990978731522,-0.072914234425376,-0.0728354042122366,-0.072781056805717,-0.0727597183896207,-0.0727493259301498,-0.0727640256061321,-0.0727712242837251,-0.0728271564621701,-0.0729165549395869,-0.0729835553082207,-0.0730440363017684,-0.0730632102891492,-0.0731430901776385,-0.0732674651134013,-0.0733892690211323,-0.0733919219669636,-0.0734873889167792,-0.0736641909438215,-0.0739691045271914,-0.0743065798380701,-0.0744420409548168,-0.074813823405628,-0.0751461155995787,-0.0764340393791842,-0.0768191905377155,-0.0768576649037952,-0.0768769210408802,-0.0769181247724686,-0.0773705103229474,-0.0774029974183903,-0.0776433394817361,-0.0776863310482862,-0.0777341332611016,-0.0778032007014793,-0.0779658605104961,-0.0781469115757869,-0.0780482086537291,-0.0780826659079651,-0.0783344307488403,-0.0794297679793971,-0.0791736309902736,-0.0789900830164836,-0.0788405955223366,-0.0788432873400365,-0.0788109988139041,-0.0787305892848478,-0.0784714989901411,-0.0784528135681574,-0.0782365019386912,-0.0779228606541731,-0.0771314330910912,-0.0767179388606556,-0.0764539010805481,-0.0761871114605987,-0.0761634208893119,-0.0760795370328528,-0.0760145685720931,-0.07586313589412,-0.0758384217773724,-0.0758152617524103,-0.0757704956607028,-0.0757272882234803,-0.0757186477875529,-0.075776504773504,-0.0759154570792695,-0.0764430828692708,-0.0765605363683075,-0.0766013463939545,-0.0766292608494441,-0.0766425373187151,-0.076640457636826,-0.0766356481458915,-0.0765396617851449,-0.0763572079411812,-0.0763153638733536,-0.0772533170276193,-0.0768885364894057,-0.0763495131690883,-0.076039205975887,-0.0756803672168023,-0.075635327443339,-0.0754784840453982,-0.0753184175354619,-0.0749322357210175,-0.0746496634404512,-0.0743736086375631,-0.0741706135214572,-0.0740450776114171,-0.0737730001640364,-0.0731491444664572,-0.0729224106256887,-0.072787924579839,-0.0722654485239092,-0.0719265233782881,-0.0716333227280287,-0.0712324811621416,-0.0705313117840919,-0.0699146563933718,-0.0692959553480491,-0.0679957197980599,-0.0673088773025682,-0.0663132818583332,-0.0661789719332997,-0.0658962503080176,-0.0656236596175847,-0.065364176403,-0.0651402946467993,-0.0651103490333893,-0.0649807318040677,-0.0632631349891491,-0.0626747132097853,-0.0622380443817036,-0.0623141808912635,-0.06245756146081,-0.0625711523781979,-0.0627166360343566,-0.062754138948088,-0.0628380602001606,-0.0628503284679396,-0.0627966832079861,-0.0626641805958108,-0.0624704334773673,-0.0620951667226883,-0.0617015421562737,-0.0613410913741274,-0.0609386125695339,-0.0606831916439668,-0.0606551380365017,-0.0604604609815163,-0.0603712522872703,-0.0601992374010285,-0.0599097214448177,-0.059684728326365,-0.0593558022445841,-0.0590633451541702,-0.0587538152191519,-0.0581126701116175,-0.0575659949088571,-0.0572999686772776,-0.0568150795307674,-0.0562119437475241,-0.0556483334691501,-0.055425196554523,-0.0552474927873734,-0.0552402883294353,-0.0552257261997168,-0.0550387402816159,-0.0548638176750106,-0.0547036337113635,-0.0543899635569778,-0.0541411105407796,-0.0538568103390698,-0.0534668430424416,-0.0530158934595942,-0.0528360675901365,-0.0528099014630887,-0.0527108733675247,-0.0525817059608839,-0.0523945939803683,-0.052142195514783,-0.0518797258544417,-0.0517651464712763,-0.0516039582684983,-0.0514285906284435,-0.0509568720366007,-0.0508092059977941,-0.0506547191699535,-0.0504990985725379,-0.0503581561185097,-0.0502490678087521,-0.0499183254603088,-0.0496255474222156,-0.049551426021299,-0.0492995519451368,-0.0489018203146133,-0.0485864546856649,-0.0485146980363245,-0.048428494029586,-0.048310705619068,-0.0481866540740136,-0.0480793168513998,-0.0479917678687259,-0.0478536335937185,-0.0475748114002997,-0.0473277844441899,-0.0471595070813359,-0.0469232768274565,-0.0459826314088135,-0.0449262794998573,-0.0448607071109111,-0.0447889859527289,-0.0447066392046949,-0.0446431011588687,-0.0442999280535345,-0.0439705596257117,-0.0438324542088806,-0.0437294548965901,-0.0435767401109554,-0.0434697798898746,-0.0423914104948979,-0.0414372349043811,-0.0411027059877436,-0.0407348502977221,-0.0401554967971121,-0.0391113523538649,-0.0386563049285759,-0.0379497598011524,-0.0375511791170602,-0.0375339075797831,-0.0374683741169156,-0.0373788554250846,-0.0372655623874342,-0.0371701629058197,-0.0371567292037753,-0.0377626801075587,-0.0367850118587683,-0.0358728340855019,-0.035149757809608,-0.0345371960603436,-0.034070013467758,-0.0338843762752997,-0.0337793886970375,-0.0336534107791605,-0.0334264491677781,-0.0333877000219078,-0.0332630690185987,-0.033173173623215,-0.0330625518686994,-0.0329204108913928,-0.0319949180916163,-0.0315140268142501,-0.0310650464113901,-0.0309507582246979,-0.03051672718009,-0.0299258041100434,-0.0296521695060485,-0.029474780687862,-0.0293862278867555,-0.0291557254777019,-0.0290162525281695,-0.0290069802767257,-0.0287174837199035,-0.0283869753496574,-0.0278432677146857,-0.0273778430845133,-0.0270511094318777,-0.026506655205091,-0.0258581688584779,-0.0257628235796505,-0.025707673987125,-0.0256595743246659,-0.0256127249975469,-0.0255429655440688,-0.0255056093101388,-0.0253485639507192,-0.0238635092354698,-0.0230707351730638,-0.0230835885046009,-0.0230098573863434,-0.0227529863936484,-0.0225534876997365,-0.0223716720543015,-0.0223550404213382,-0.0222974332767819,-0.0214567867704041,-0.0203520987952522,-0.0198933904696857,-0.0192281714248171,-0.0185558279202014,-0.017784367644796,-0.017421052321568,-0.017050531994022,-0.0168233082684128,-0.016764955636411,-0.0165715766344541,-0.0165681958066512,-0.0165402863723021,-0.0165020939200255,-0.0164548203813701,-0.0163123314194165,-0.0160925865784974,-0.0161142961911571,-0.0161958669539343,-0.0162079428004263,-0.0163420711274287,-0.0164365753926709,-0.0165153247784009,-0.0166349903755701,-0.0167872134540903,-0.0170046649489548,-0.0172338395873434,-0.0174612210494867,-0.0176226652918501,-0.0177517069994284,-0.0178018852028367,-0.0177694743347328,-0.0178119504561301,-0.0178795761889421,-0.0179459911500074,-0.0181067389320155,-0.0183110281969801,-0.0186465675619923,-0.0188104635086122,-0.0189163675714606,-0.0190286288625147,-0.0191478316905776,-0.0192343089363414,-0.0194270288770765,-0.0194964315733657,-0.0195009105005287,-0.0195085444260672,-0.0196717700186449,-0.0197678895984699,-0.0199035387458571,-0.0200049925816294,-0.0202027578705953,-0.0205586029602439,-0.0206000801055894,-0.0208253022076937,-0.0210899764782705,-0.021245955091998,-0.0212641850691437,-0.0212424188074996,-0.0212206124802305,-0.0211750548069302,-0.0211704263018731,-0.0209752895473749,-0.0208678485736474,-0.0205987158661691,-0.0204395190732293,-0.0201424669856484,-0.0199178157431013,-0.019705005254502,-0.0195555948233036,-0.0193462983355822,-0.0191641073743943,-0.0190830064581858,-0.0190371052477223,-0.0190315170130963,-0.0190033744943493,-0.0189632735726708,-0.0188763250484639,-0.0186680804602877,-0.0183760389003951,-0.0181905382238606,-0.0181260207089915,-0.0179879580677601,-0.0179868295393146,-0.0179729853621597,-0.0180109603842472,-0.0180416498340237,-0.0181783889100516,-0.0182373213929252,-0.018232547056418,-0.0181974318936768,-0.0180333924994301,-0.017779026116678,-0.0175466011446638,-0.0174522611933346,-0.0174439681010646,-0.0171844587783443,-0.0168589899902874,-0.0164721147109567,-0.0155124074087377,-0.0149589209773634,-0.0145788643174785,-0.0142805448063547,-0.0141753137527626,-0.0140835187132416,-0.0140674035528755,-0.0140482114844531,-0.0139661827138503,-0.0136473398338302,-0.0131746647060738,-0.0126758500236176,-0.0118751204417922,-0.0111785143416858,-0.0109286286724293,-0.01078660680271,-0.0106362635656063,-0.0105687440733577,-0.0104872366865416,-0.0104313306214251,-0.0103536799031393,-0.0102124935728949,-0.0100517477828134,-0.00943424102672676,-0.00893301179766897,-0.00872649478249836,-0.00858620778283095,-0.00845861445134184,-0.00836870288403433,-0.00822921341698215,-0.00804441069294165,-0.00776020962792085,-0.00763698020535915,-0.0075245807747193,-0.00746846448895908,-0.00750556431318685,-0.0075490208455047,-0.00769360086044019,-0.00778971826188052,-0.00782726156865512,-0.00789688171769511,-0.0079810562048484,-0.00808203849076723,-0.00811129583047556,-0.00815326092940677,-0.00814330816508978,-0.00811277570410499,-0.00785701524549015,-0.00786258436007955,-0.00790356609557779,-0.0080700428594067,-0.00833980149497804,-0.00839629673221156,-0.00849193885275929,-0.00851783913920303,-0.00858591390683806,-0.0093168009830305,-0.00926692323980065,-0.00916265377178553,-0.00909536528826308,-0.00904329429559126,-0.00912407407061178,-0.00914882507401085,-0.00918787060211997,-0.00915850261218123,-0.009159011416961,-0.00919667627601488,-0.00911869972341189,-0.00904580909866656,-0.00864290990602892,-0.00797662824449941,-0.00755082076887368,-0.00736972363891892,-0.00705020384314636,-0.00695147127315187,-0.00666606417153401,-0.00655372614382306,-0.00648699624664033,-0.00641544714798028,-0.00630356566156483,-0.00627971593390169,-0.00627939779296399,-0.00630246153924096,-0.00629942713095658,-0.00626749710169292,-0.00622666685127778,-0.00616964068781902,-0.00613166787820533,-0.00602991556156972,-0.00587572573561737,-0.00583906402279124,-0.00574993712178386,-0.0056562148357522,-0.00549067627603032,-0.00531843475600206,-0.00514197791555786,-0.00484997385116636,-0.00431546933774774,-0.00405429624449273,-0.00347225584767049,-0.00343607758029388,-0.00338230131742591,-0.00330820359657122,-0.00323157885456952,-0.00314810623093155,-0.00303310413771719,-0.00289381336421339,-0.00277523703969998,-0.00267749321146965,-0.00259166496284724,-0.00219232826159079,-0.00221978715010053,-0.00105015468608735,-0.000661100051820315,-0.00059581580802014,-0.000129321791032673,6.02480564742555e-05,0.000251336215383225,0.000794328933396297,0.00185736975323118,0.00247626846344522,0.00274354404158497,0.00327156472673613,0.00330611117062313,0.00339410507163174,0.00349508111489114,0.00357721571600253,0.00361446546851397,0.00362638487078503,0.00359302745891281,0.00344489536060774,0.00332761672413649,0.0032853786431381,0.00318857901817716,0.00315768630943584,0.00274081508040952,0.00270499001681219,0.00264762335347074,0.00261041900868837,0.00255465710808722,0.0025508016336574,0.00265080524343454,0.00186874730182931,0.00177399877927152,0.00175373299232171,0.00173112948624537,0.00163427182194462,0.00139657884250277,0.0013841009088112,0.00168677655637834,0.00175521798155839,0.00187840377563824,0.00208059552131546,0.00217378822288758,0.0022022349493333,0.00248804139133004,0.00299094171087202,0.00360168523503972,0.00367832386988901,0.0037523189810732,0.00382962799648124,0.0041085445452373,0.00430650285116265,0.00439551004987325,0.00443900754706067,0.00451830902780936,0.00459774917494576,0.00468001035478561,0.00478318193100085,0.00480383620634675,0.00491598551123823,0.00494906823505822,0.00502931945968259,0.00512432786051398,0.00513381768469187,0.00526266451078045,0.00529746578759538,0.00533654825837342,0.00538508057004063,0.00544904084604462,0.00549707994669126,0.00557822365862593,0.00564954261843071,0.00570647931090627,0.00581321075986631,0.0059881831601711,0.00604665848347719,0.0061659763426332,0.00626278362744611,0.0064127982679321,0.00662759957129394,0.00673819504584893,0.00681010329815712,0.006877453962142,0.00695129436590359,0.00703026324414462,0.00710027491925782,0.00721496395922405,0.00734307319466855,0.00735474876550554,0.00735716588367079,0.00718428786644329,0.00679292869269355,0.00654476254349,0.00610939354036255,0.00584985924754046,0.00570289143811117,0.00564365058031604,0.00557480220888662,0.00554162048172404,0.00553883862667391,0.00555943176910191,0.00559945576432419,0.00570560202365268,0.00609253341003948,0.00638404948504486,0.00638063343578701,0.00720392685984135,0.00724628315826376,0.00813693683423268,0.00873090207468709,0.00882700459472529,0.00888606198862121,0.00893075874426432,0.00902752709671382,0.00907231953834701,0.00911251512497881,0.00918507341264158,0.00920009990472575,0.00920613059837523,0.00920255575444604,0.00918730286818039,0.00915725480854464,0.00908850218854704,0.00904598576158049,0.00899064517887741,0.0090398132251822,0.00906225408153552,0.00875668806738981,0.00867845595388799,0.0081933565012678,0.00705514518943598,0.00694016572867863,0.0068116129442826,0.00617102552200621,0.00613693959452486,0.00617655192287085,0.00583407277697322,0.00575723811082626,0.00571212496188809,0.00561440324544135,0.00391683022424925,0.00392183945574076,0.00370011927471367,0.00367844045868311,0.00348711028686999,0.00347359851161445,0.0034294922581134,0.00339905546082655,0.00336169467329773,0.00326503698616493,0.00323450035393657,0.00322664875428797,0.00322743708096891,0.00324576021079239,0.00323997925917876,0.00321968012534969,0.00319314800085412,0.00316190171985958,0.00310154023478695,0.00305958335215165,0.00299040600092019,0.0029556126828053,0.00285631401303981,0.00274324609310226,0.00141228953751587,0.00113473185725486,-0.00133686768261484,-0.00171369865633334,-0.00174307309072733,-0.00207310648738974,-0.00205974342620989,-0.00212899434362388,-0.00224881562027447,-0.00233406306457458,-0.00242071102660503,-0.00248413377689821,-0.00259408196982481,-0.00279455408458512,-0.00283021342768854,-0.00280897037711743,-0.00282731083956308,-0.00319505341635923,-0.00339628070791801,-0.00337872776711262,-0.00370821513152926,-0.0041289253306491,-0.00480763379481526,-0.00524078958045959,-0.00535854475832822,-0.00554184711908163,-0.00565939725134791,-0.00574920506888112,-0.00563419359631534,-0.00569259805382592,-0.00552023865422942,-0.00583895331695266,-0.00600953387154628,-0.00617995643653678,-0.00640116567623105,-0.00652394143386051,-0.00656539507351511,-0.00667784463648047,-0.00670692754773766,-0.00672733201428577,-0.00672151628993904,-0.00668359230998752,-0.00661469744957593,-0.0065870768186328,-0.00661930268569442,-0.00692260708810013,-0.00701017873166163,-0.00714810504887671,-0.00733844848014525,-0.00736750146497984,-0.007403599715952,-0.0074745485852253,-0.00751839372447862,-0.00764015705516507,-0.00768187405788725,-0.00848225091030702,-0.00888363816311896,-0.00898592101396124,-0.00898414748721032,-0.00894225590572956,-0.00890522269541034,-0.00848508114948648,-0.00780119981548231,-0.00779724518589224,-0.00775016593801807,-0.00783185053741609,-0.00777020011779611,-0.00766055445893911,-0.0076531700939693,-0.00765442420794803,-0.00779541188518804,-0.0078302502546208,-0.00783399186351346,-0.00782505010527007,-0.00780595179582721,-0.00776790175512114,-0.0076447792192689,-0.00760303120061576,-0.0074253359119668,-0.00736754694255012,-0.00733807907592556,-0.00729302044239999,-0.00700518945126999,-0.00692746512144418,-0.00642621441436921,-0.00632585366655785,-0.00565705628004331,-0.00616707709278319,-0.00615562209747293,-0.00621601839129994,-0.00617386112349945,-0.00599529972193948,-0.0058806204612469,-0.00571607787829944,-0.00561088941381999,-0.00539500364460788,-0.00516753899178057,-0.0050089055267863,-0.00477225469655117,-0.00422507886694044,-0.00369988018134978,-0.0032704131995847,-0.00324551158717997,-0.0031720997554962,-0.00310945934323953,-0.00304954513977758,-0.00305394322828535,-0.00304504634024398,-0.00314340474691253,-0.00320316906868891,-0.00325364145247722,-0.00336149430231979,-0.00361488281350598,-0.00369230874533282,-0.00381351826711487,-0.00386298064670333,-0.00407649158976003,-0.00430881734913144,-0.00444583071173354,-0.00450657137989052,-0.00518207880057236,-0.00519530779344749,-0.00532488743804989,-0.00466873234349848,-0.00502403806770527,-0.00524446419442612,-0.00539772595768836,-0.00555798786815943,-0.00621770254089805,-0.00634734371054773,-0.00652639232605562,-0.00725336955123211,-0.00796002278614001,-0.00821974731393518,-0.00845266260084746,-0.00859940450960726,-0.00983891567057277,-0.00994040839284071,-0.010287644857845,-0.0102326394651475,-0.0110631544712786,-0.0116529738344137,-0.0123593436005193,-0.012983312786495,-0.0130287003937921,-0.0132002125969991,-0.0132028297749598,-0.0132031032109396,-0.013804382403232,-0.0138187364375711,-0.0138959905148512,-0.0139320513349858,-0.0139932442009269,-0.0140540129006616,-0.014813147790921,-0.0151666324995362,-0.015353352599997,-0.0164066833743212,-0.0165410430876496,-0.0166978861022953,-0.0168870928903231,-0.0178658979577297,-0.0182031628520952,-0.0184143131629852,-0.0186095144112785,-0.0186394286994893,-0.0188287173017525,-0.0191344738977091,-0.0207686188266965,-0.0213979666103853,-0.0217068076071686,-0.0227225475930495,-0.0229736665997847,-0.0234323002515389,-0.0235972916735066,-0.0238724222673209,-0.0241555312840985,-0.0244298510316427,-0.0249526273231223,-0.0254567480102748,-0.0255632764458435,-0.025698988838789,-0.0258822528773772,-0.0261375062516144,-0.0263974387304658,-0.0265607591828269,-0.0266099499181528,-0.0266190175260145,-0.0267653347358881,-0.0271241625246485,-0.0274181766687405,-0.0274086470382089,-0.0274249561625028,-0.0274218442713454,-0.0268254565191647,-0.0255149829659077,-0.0255690018499565,-0.0255770956692699,-0.026812251265453,-0.0269156291249124,-0.02711596704874,-0.0277105603841391,-0.0277791604701747,-0.0278121589731381,-0.0278367184449229,-0.0278784340322692,-0.027884990725299,-0.0278800306056337,-0.0278211169738321,-0.0276964446443947,-0.0275946987982572,-0.0274855570689318,-0.0274800048107892,-0.0274812450225368,-0.0275087879094485,-0.0275159768960742,-0.027468978304417,-0.027750077784934,-0.0277493924503646,-0.0277646263053443,-0.0274636790627328,-0.0274705988563871,-0.0274290870072489,-0.0273948269852376,-0.0273159277937581,-0.0273144879592304,-0.0269970723839157,-0.0268935614590756,-0.0265949670596337,-0.0264438982998021,-0.0262972656428383,-0.0261717230078734,-0.0260887549168141,-0.0259297463221542,-0.0258593487058484,-0.0258319583160567,-0.0257960840353765,-0.0261970704798041,-0.0263766262034217,-0.0268049362228011,-0.0268766578165483,-0.0269064680278637,-0.0269276002324854,-0.0269603326953024,-0.0269566063428666,-0.0270529650277934,-0.027221402915244,-0.0273458887351037,-0.0275973014155431,-0.0275672269373575,-0.027649947121442,-0.0277494812948907,-0.0278504950301402,-0.0280903811494131,-0.0276746030532046,-0.0277666288556808,-0.0281437288406487,-0.0283761780021999,-0.0287588701490028,-0.0288102044676489,-0.0288592844201241,-0.0288713520633681,-0.0288732236413618,-0.028859216855641,-0.0288146605668449,-0.0279362749841574,-0.0279508342122244,-0.0280147492294436,-0.0280218326948984,-0.0289932312811623,-0.0290795904896863,-0.0297372528029268,-0.0296736663608986,-0.0300234421219953,-0.0304144200218413,-0.0315550507100256,-0.0315667713989595,-0.0312729398857067,-0.0308092789819041,-0.0303360884106152,-0.0298767962861861,-0.0299132351613968,-0.0300515121983981,-0.0304791801303884,-0.0308943116310044,-0.0310995194132502,-0.0312235104300756,-0.0312948466967759,-0.0315016231944613,-0.0314639931865393,-0.0315674287129605,-0.0315980177799864,-0.0316254944064105,-0.0318707314489237,-0.0322040813612604,-0.0325294883133629,-0.0326630545477252,-0.0330417664416609,-0.0330319731679868,-0.0332479166504736,-0.0331586669814077,-0.0333169631533381,-0.0333915881867094,-0.0347103668268869,-0.0351310441118621,-0.0355393715076657,-0.0359298781972221,-0.0359713794250499,-0.0359676610417019,-0.0361270159448436,-0.0361456208582545,-0.0364056690855027,-0.0374768210862945,-0.037460450911884,-0.0374350429163744,-0.037427031583477,-0.037429023494695,-0.0374427290628077,-0.0374651909195417,-0.0374807999924724,-0.037496409069309,-0.0375336578370993,-0.0375683353978229,-0.0376672528593171,-0.0377156246438823,-0.0377753624902026,-0.0378390730082518,-0.0378965599224501,-0.0379607066778418,-0.0380606738375488,-0.0380932666596293,-0.0382845765192463,-0.0387335059151573,-0.0390975751035683,-0.0396209144879694,-0.0397411095831999,-0.0407260739879189,-0.0412783334168328,-0.0414442513654449,-0.0415641960887993,-0.041658033079313,-0.0417491825500698,-0.0415998290498247,-0.0421252132345421,-0.0429412472634341,-0.0438381395438181,-0.0438013655605944,-0.0439250964919808,-0.0439903551636168,-0.0450454584263116,-0.0450504376110769,-0.0454449835070957,-0.0454418215240184,-0.0457024009751613,-0.0467169330204509,-0.0468868731486395,-0.0478276218789008,-0.0480986787263528,-0.0484023561721399,-0.0486884244645342,-0.0488104047656476,-0.0489310215177516,-0.0491198371980856,-0.0491934323501403,-0.0495393670401587,-0.0496757096618281,-0.0497095959817282,-0.0497272782948578,-0.0497305420972948,-0.0495872299853267,-0.0494132352797319,-0.0493296341688267,-0.049398733813951,-0.0494765132512096,-0.0495347280390157,-0.0495955541932141,-0.0496863137064818,-0.049808620376765,-0.0507550898942721,-0.0508023032256292,-0.0514221560752793,-0.0513572368249422,-0.0518445473891015,-0.0523513602993249,-0.0524268744040229,-0.0525646623152061,-0.0527130245606258,-0.0530485185543298,-0.0529101370567218,-0.0538430953116842,-0.054010008451613,-0.0542025624190529,-0.0540528137935514,-0.0547528545603013,-0.054857725994085,-0.0553113937563664,-0.0553695056303844,-0.0563161691107266,-0.0564379884878895,-0.0569487457868653,-0.0573536353909069,-0.0578613015721647,-0.0582565150378364,-0.0583025796154597,-0.0584515104120578,-0.0584940424610767,-0.0587462240228291,-0.0587901347198002,-0.0588379181146534,-0.0593556208398096,-0.0593613803554587,-0.0597543634546082,-0.0598828179877282,-0.060287385740284,-0.0603932600665603,-0.0605510744030316,-0.0606414815750322,-0.0608315456953509,-0.0611092899647184,-0.0613930514745814,-0.0613959312379979,-0.0618375666148259,-0.062302708702604,-0.0623180311509193,-0.0626337391112797,-0.062773925143365,-0.0628194514687115,-0.0628190156389042,-0.062876154129999,-0.0629348849804684,-0.0629912859191306,-0.0630502915842816,-0.0630896259470115,-0.0631315733464126,-0.0631732540147398,-0.0634241605897958,-0.0634285710129865,-0.0644712984083288,-0.0648147757510269,-0.0651511690817842,-0.0652212496345052,-0.0659323081290914,-0.0660247613807036,-0.0668099368080646,-0.0668879696935969,-0.0676168099388753,-0.0680063767164443,-0.068019099198417,-0.0680603588777917,-0.0680606965493058,-0.0680416643905809,-0.0680238484923183,-0.0679348670214013,-0.0678629320474099,-0.0679760328887808,-0.068048875568493,-0.0681380427687785,-0.0681278578366477,-0.0681911817920393,-0.0683035735535436,-0.0684580103343508,-0.068976639937593,-0.0699735840555047,-0.0700175012567486,-0.0700297394195564,-0.0701381481871533,-0.0707785721518378,-0.0711647009395228,-0.0712837234738273,-0.0713196449830621,-0.0712408175111141,-0.0712937532645605,-0.0712445959006985,-0.071402499223542,-0.0714196652490252,-0.0715691693496784,-0.0718755790020437,-0.0719884289305143,-0.0720430724966346,-0.0721018842994232,-0.072293401101616,-0.0722835841315734,-0.0724058302830356,-0.0724887083779253,-0.0725244816221627,-0.0726538918155184,-0.0726905720718476,-0.0726425195691015,-0.0733993453627405,-0.0734575900783778,-0.0735999978233313,-0.0736996613313785,-0.0745969335888284,-0.0745018572768899,-0.0748859624119128,-0.0753004607870471,-0.0754962661340019,-0.0756904424877725,-0.0761798297648967,-0.0772274612522625,-0.0776946072394042,-0.0778654041450743,-0.0781203344651409,-0.0785813460853838,-0.0788570926115041,-0.0790604529526717,-0.0791859679821384,-0.0791906282897162,-0.079222007069388,-0.0792947316488694,-0.0793104588477768,-0.0793794679952908],"lat":[51.5078427881949,51.5079069714204,51.5078936146488,51.5082204411849,51.5083320635111,51.5084128702943,51.508651891623,51.508809749873,51.5088274867445,51.5088322394427,51.5088502100339,51.508938538362,51.5090547323129,51.5090575933379,51.5091161251601,51.5091218990039,51.5094119494182,51.5094405772849,51.5094436999649,51.5095118313649,51.5096558064162,51.5098813253737,51.5100254689544,51.5101143450445,51.5101720298174,51.5102034012611,51.5102133847822,51.5102595472193,51.5103396440675,51.5104701590952,51.5105043545645,51.5105258111104,51.5105438128699,51.5104537365149,51.5104565288891,51.5104570731789,51.5101061330022,51.5101281779399,51.5100813306568,51.5098859010389,51.5098561522532,51.5098533618262,51.5098048361416,51.509787431219,51.5097499490825,51.5097550573447,51.509801078849,51.5099939360693,51.509966103136,51.5099457899225,51.5100086475849,51.5100502923197,51.5100934975167,51.5101081583439,51.5101073044956,51.5101048437438,51.5101476464541,51.5102398740824,51.5102983321305,51.5103600303564,51.5106404283698,51.5108043350431,51.5108727970101,51.5110841426681,51.511253773017,51.5114419197144,51.5116821162591,51.5118083275067,51.5123402025033,51.5129447490413,51.5133711999642,51.5133766390943,51.5136758618066,51.5141310927564,51.5144535385221,51.5146874915205,51.514790432457,51.5150995856068,51.5153541339664,51.5162574355087,51.5165919805395,51.516636675022,51.5166585729403,51.5167069091844,51.5173959628866,51.5174459545772,51.5178653509131,51.5179739664104,51.518036798608,51.5181080726064,51.518250123111,51.5184689115946,51.5184852794041,51.5189678458729,51.5189449932938,51.5188451312934,51.5194515324032,51.5201139764975,51.5206519814618,51.5206565218358,51.5207387245977,51.5210395577889,51.5215101211485,51.5215430875368,51.5218533842309,51.5219417677387,51.5221140429224,51.522211577314,51.5220121087994,51.5221516144073,51.5222006849707,51.5223782612154,51.5225516513875,51.5228953812262,51.5229687148675,51.5230393762271,51.523178026654,51.5234848636576,51.5235872371821,51.5238561648567,51.5243215614823,51.5242870510023,51.5253312154003,51.5257311544497,51.5259923965263,51.5261562788792,51.5262740473562,51.5263881740445,51.5265106974581,51.5268719042175,51.5271463903968,51.5272966574217,51.5275029018534,51.5278753479424,51.5281229496151,51.5283931349778,51.5284355603784,51.5285993495571,51.5288053506811,51.5294159031964,51.5297916507703,51.530012832619,51.5301425899539,51.5302133686034,51.5303401924706,51.5305691484946,51.5306463568904,51.5306900094865,51.5308396933708,51.5308763880332,51.5309228259722,51.5309576014951,51.5310027233735,51.5310267502796,51.5310309566319,51.5310931793254,51.5311403164423,51.5312264238283,51.5315038785739,51.5320171892734,51.5324614235818,51.5329364481649,51.533217819952,51.5331759602014,51.5329004480694,51.5330789313429,51.533184319631,51.5332472490644,51.5333896901134,51.5336123764336,51.5337896077035,51.5340986570764,51.5342341649652,51.5346348209058,51.5349911291906,51.5350999526186,51.5353000971393,51.5355163158341,51.5354570608282,51.5352868926876,51.5350147561677,51.5346798750467,51.5344472413325,51.5344287923958,51.5343275546951,51.5342892101198,51.534231511038,51.5341565810411,51.5341240834398,51.5340943623017,51.5340886243575,51.534111379385,51.5342014842621,51.5343417099112,51.5344263309917,51.5346053452161,51.5348183684188,51.5349834837841,51.5350427330658,51.53508475,51.5350846305599,51.5350879861688,51.5351109644898,51.5351215529389,51.5351584640169,51.5351766426287,51.5351626230721,51.5351345260386,51.5350821934946,51.5349721942493,51.5349287428114,51.5351702088631,51.5355309659607,51.5357194643617,51.5359141946541,51.5360844598843,51.5362203855237,51.5362697403268,51.5363300112305,51.5363846508329,51.5364568481158,51.5364705811898,51.536475208153,51.5364726220063,51.5364639848004,51.5364522798469,51.5363973228883,51.5363313058515,51.536311189033,51.5361990898524,51.5359910413549,51.5357789661458,51.5357373057991,51.53569630431,51.5356520794926,51.535619440704,51.5356005687825,51.5355910186339,51.5355842236424,51.5355292247754,51.5355062285625,51.5354962332053,51.5354905017896,51.5356034306508,51.5357917598727,51.535807752904,51.535832636001,51.5358699315665,51.5359057420806,51.5361410226031,51.5364241930422,51.5364839389614,51.5364984079771,51.536461689261,51.5365012712376,51.537000354159,51.5374610342336,51.5377629950051,51.5381021670933,51.5386985898678,51.5396406502162,51.5400952620416,51.5407641859153,51.5411459986919,51.5412122549228,51.5412606178441,51.5413301616686,51.5413489491524,51.5414210922039,51.5414316585383,51.5417943052892,51.5424622839144,51.5430153466091,51.5433629416213,51.5436557305349,51.5440552666964,51.5442131229897,51.5443066848432,51.5444187792136,51.5445984235971,51.5446274495667,51.5446748194543,51.5446859019606,51.5446759539318,51.5446277084138,51.5440834218525,51.5437974824056,51.5435408528285,51.543482281238,51.5433805730714,51.5432384597119,51.5431295499747,51.543029450388,51.542875988002,51.5425699644614,51.5422933469519,51.5422743067073,51.5423323905582,51.5424050718468,51.5425389149372,51.5426632807869,51.5427486114475,51.5428995217669,51.5431215190115,51.5431585826621,51.5431999197586,51.5432449725203,51.5433610878566,51.5433401300378,51.5432702582601,51.5432334429965,51.5433244408274,51.5433479533334,51.5433841403549,51.543388293384,51.5433920575178,51.5434030830188,51.5434054136777,51.5434231185111,51.5434877933666,51.5435176819932,51.5435835758778,51.5435857260583,51.5435942796078,51.543567637871,51.5434655781213,51.54342976296,51.5433938248803,51.5433459200105,51.5433943928919,51.5433641456641,51.5433092335672,51.5431882606767,51.5430716102168,51.5429979707362,51.5428256009804,51.5425395168656,51.5424382674702,51.5423533178309,51.542340932383,51.5421417659561,51.5417593793117,51.5415071191106,51.5413751524195,51.5412572249495,51.5411979526646,51.5411343818188,51.5410788735763,51.5410141572993,51.5409318073099,51.5408058593371,51.5405229435786,51.5403087378231,51.54017948758,51.5400780939471,51.5399297339323,51.5397749151682,51.5395863425197,51.539465012572,51.5393507963975,51.5391233805346,51.5387692859028,51.5385378373962,51.5382839025911,51.5382464061056,51.538242884678,51.5382331216855,51.5381270666822,51.5380720358316,51.5380032839758,51.5379582348512,51.5378869340444,51.5377283743379,51.5377029956421,51.5375638132216,51.5373461609173,51.5371410627302,51.537019969936,51.5369233817899,51.5368609649009,51.5366812433409,51.5365219959605,51.5363001834208,51.5362174371967,51.5361391566703,51.5360861115987,51.5359866758358,51.5358138227235,51.5356339749643,51.5354551972111,51.5351944745191,51.534940503984,51.5347493901433,51.534611027886,51.5343744275711,51.5342255740465,51.534119683139,51.5340300869922,51.5338781914693,51.5336970028447,51.5335526847658,51.5334778552075,51.5332704906451,51.5332632774771,51.5330840903268,51.5330064961485,51.5329638500946,51.5327701211928,51.5326083503472,51.5324526972727,51.5323648755382,51.5322245167843,51.5319729213734,51.53158141123,51.5314961853376,51.531487951806,51.5313216980727,51.5311471345063,51.5309922146929,51.5306486503101,51.5305124888557,51.5303999434694,51.5302645004723,51.5301646992832,51.5300543343149,51.5300270835746,51.5300042770539,51.5299345441905,51.5298401181649,51.5297026188402,51.5296357165419,51.5295493069831,51.5294556648013,51.5294001695777,51.5293177266632,51.5291946755666,51.5290568422963,51.5288099607901,51.5286372531107,51.5285334198829,51.5283988330969,51.5283160716211,51.5279629742122,51.527720658304,51.5275966511093,51.5274746672663,51.527227001756,51.5270078531205,51.5268346242874,51.5266426404596,51.5264489680845,51.5263326683564,51.5261994664342,51.5259988764066,51.5257764889854,51.5256396396804,51.5254649404076,51.5253766465169,51.5253422128554,51.5252004122086,51.5249563425168,51.5241289353127,51.523821883576,51.523586988822,51.523418657254,51.5233255144486,51.523009125759,51.5228815247073,51.5228012869024,51.5227852297096,51.5227808180289,51.5225101992912,51.522168304007,51.5220041782587,51.521798503112,51.521797421311,51.5215528739199,51.5214647746732,51.521388094245,51.5211938683542,51.5209281577888,51.5208233638848,51.5204238536075,51.5200726416597,51.5199287678451,51.519858365201,51.519729345946,51.5196489732985,51.5194676758976,51.5191452156832,51.5189275547525,51.5188165662777,51.5185746304937,51.5184920188498,51.5182281800063,51.5180940786255,51.5180048163737,51.5178938897833,51.5176833582982,51.5175363725244,51.517444641983,51.5172795690901,51.5170520031969,51.5168590174777,51.516737821734,51.5166244440389,51.5165698425272,51.516457502924,51.516357760663,51.5163391519918,51.5163007666331,51.5162685979277,51.516230711543,51.516214293315,51.5162283781906,51.5162809642383,51.5164076596449,51.5167440372504,51.5175290821462,51.5175653362037,51.5176084848009,51.5176548844837,51.5176931477007,51.5177232008818,51.517749120104,51.5177701293028,51.5177789013505,51.5177727405204,51.5177577898713,51.5176277888417,51.5175931851734,51.5169833374104,51.5167833635118,51.516793041798,51.5165512789192,51.5164698100885,51.5163901135854,51.5161839122142,51.5158402377586,51.5155904672921,51.5154734951283,51.5151236549775,51.5150897919951,51.5149929665751,51.5148635456835,51.5147317487736,51.5146609695411,51.5145384655153,51.5144023467026,51.5140811408823,51.5138718163175,51.5138617465832,51.5136592662169,51.5136121326798,51.5134726714644,51.5134445066584,51.5133852353123,51.5133256196614,51.5131386248574,51.5129192693688,51.512866303513,51.5117276931893,51.5114073725615,51.5112080810052,51.5111527122002,51.5111129990207,51.5111152570294,51.5109949680792,51.5109628244266,51.510847449239,51.5106987659168,51.5105442374153,51.5105003808688,51.5104918018101,51.5104365630865,51.5103695226994,51.510362687281,51.5103685720895,51.5103798976232,51.510401058439,51.5104844207797,51.5105619719378,51.5106198024571,51.5106586268382,51.5107579894888,51.5108276738637,51.5109287843537,51.5112435631824,51.5112872742555,51.511445426825,51.5115096085727,51.5116961836599,51.5119562463786,51.5121395348351,51.5128747317148,51.5130108254202,51.5131459466433,51.5132665179808,51.5134102064553,51.5134867220467,51.5135950451609,51.5136765581954,51.5137259435016,51.513793361798,51.51387220257,51.5138909862837,51.5139168226473,51.5139223608031,51.5139251900984,51.5138936378292,51.51385217774,51.5138158758741,51.5137742563426,51.51371633889,51.5136439453348,51.5135645108691,51.5133539178376,51.5128912998602,51.5128290505085,51.5126545510794,51.5121970845247,51.5116543288272,51.5112215305564,51.5108575807197,51.5105922393849,51.5104616612115,51.5103925314041,51.510268710491,51.5101694591311,51.5101389315752,51.5100171781697,51.5099112792986,51.5097359051803,51.509522455355,51.5094662101192,51.5093556585148,51.5092012847125,51.5092796954253,51.509116967964,51.5089584165372,51.5089154040584,51.5088820187618,51.5088497787014,51.5087563955805,51.5086935786756,51.5086245456195,51.5084722253495,51.5084207095709,51.5083612544868,51.5083127551973,51.5082608589018,51.5082002233835,51.5081114743123,51.5080294699047,51.5079180092841,51.5078236429996,51.5077441228716,51.5073168086923,51.5073073574462,51.5074505555949,51.5077506125265,51.5077903495331,51.5077835567078,51.5079959529027,51.5080073272144,51.5081217560012,51.50819865636,51.5080569867492,51.5080469670832,51.5080531346784,51.5083159636338,51.5083644385396,51.5083691261847,51.5083676980359,51.5080139572013,51.508001598271,51.5079816685749,51.5079776921832,51.5079801289424,51.5080105566502,51.508037157049,51.5080552765345,51.5080732484381,51.5081295893658,51.5081620617773,51.508192084373,51.5082114222097,51.5082218478774,51.5082255766882,51.5082217969731,51.5081888062953,51.5081183583312,51.5080885798197,51.5080734246605,51.5079882339526,51.5079354172226,51.507470378198,51.5074210451155,51.5074413295255,51.5073417381622,51.5072848566268,51.507250065672,51.5071792661563,51.5071411505058,51.5071039579173,51.5071365125739,51.5071266947588,51.5070239953816,51.5069994231584,51.5068920485148,51.5068680806187,51.5066639139647,51.5066097868942,51.5065168634646,51.5062976556276,51.5059693894761,51.5054746505893,51.5051250098129,51.5050352873925,51.505127432458,51.505174394953,51.5050976858875,51.5050255871563,51.5049420492048,51.5048303065867,51.5045272777222,51.5043826983077,51.5042417130336,51.5040925982079,51.5039867731611,51.503961399045,51.5038940668266,51.5038549933731,51.5038166716732,51.5037518255402,51.5036963256007,51.5036241123885,51.5035966648547,51.5035846228824,51.50346927615,51.503311594022,51.5031556668087,51.5027560292522,51.5026845814837,51.5024846581063,51.5022124861566,51.5020001046094,51.5016199844745,51.5014894000892,51.5013411268587,51.5013551368126,51.5012894283297,51.501230945806,51.5011672858069,51.5011243914428,51.5011109623271,51.5008016886813,51.5006280627547,51.5004851785841,51.5004622860326,51.5001249124035,51.5000951723121,51.5000662702722,51.5000375149963,51.5000093351163,51.4999703591584,51.4999506388207,51.4999244081391,51.4998998034507,51.4998802724056,51.4998952667517,51.49963017259,51.4987161945468,51.4984885969495,51.4984044642525,51.4982813980694,51.4983070817554,51.4980081028821,51.4969816103297,51.4969043655244,51.4958552367656,51.4957227244653,51.4956550845226,51.4956246370105,51.4955672662775,51.4955984023108,51.4954201954723,51.4951961770506,51.4950316203695,51.4946637444181,51.4946931480702,51.4944989050029,51.4945407413711,51.4937760435929,51.4928714311381,51.4921500987548,51.4919617273283,51.4917626378504,51.4914818981863,51.49090804288,51.4908073995373,51.4906813502158,51.4901776354612,51.4899637276436,51.4898305958769,51.4896040177918,51.4891784810043,51.4889558809232,51.4888851035613,51.4888409820851,51.488602712916,51.4883953387757,51.4882924560186,51.4882539218362,51.4885522829029,51.4885462130671,51.4884485984505,51.488102906193,51.4878499619884,51.4877170229874,51.487637796572,51.4875631853766,51.4872659551062,51.4871998148765,51.487123723251,51.4869022701381,51.4867173373417,51.4866408151744,51.4865845203022,51.4865555381224,51.4863391754507,51.486489277542,51.4864538039031,51.4862945990266,51.4861755975892,51.4861262490735,51.4860464996399,51.4860067160221,51.486056045705,51.4860535563499,51.4859933496433,51.4859870593904,51.4860053394533,51.4860064818654,51.486018581673,51.4860173939363,51.4860013442845,51.485961906414,51.4859936460138,51.4860131191679,51.4860252723993,51.4861483106254,51.4861721659423,51.4862089911621,51.4862634496434,51.4864112930316,51.4864727484428,51.4865194818941,51.4865686432628,51.4865763428987,51.4866290010633,51.4867195972683,51.4872678686015,51.4874700340759,51.4876227250426,51.4881497425282,51.4883050537994,51.4886248316224,51.4887400211603,51.488939799287,51.4891549987363,51.4893736464683,51.4898096050478,51.4903441664754,51.4904457789321,51.4906054357654,51.4908648123845,51.4912584920573,51.491710702236,51.4920317914553,51.4921603152036,51.4921838487423,51.4924650837445,51.493096111822,51.4936936748169,51.4937141976446,51.4937702265262,51.4937755697788,51.4939417922611,51.493930525053,51.4941139857803,51.4941267117954,51.4941475021313,51.4941555364799,51.4941867844609,51.4942624330205,51.4943085501265,51.4943450757722,51.4944102360086,51.4947454647138,51.4948939539479,51.4950422494929,51.4955727251321,51.4966920133972,51.4967127837466,51.4976389906526,51.4977342194683,51.4980058186896,51.498268867663,51.4985027977491,51.4994911997451,51.4994878342623,51.4996038280286,51.4997515638259,51.4997474013781,51.5009552316833,51.5019832932898,51.5021760591015,51.5023348011884,51.5023347769682,51.5031117981174,51.5031397323557,51.5031472978541,51.50314205785,51.5031341945143,51.5031051035925,51.5030911173993,51.5030695563084,51.5030647742083,51.5031317580395,51.5031950019816,51.5032521104969,51.5032650243615,51.503356762709,51.5033642643098,51.5033746577844,51.5033858045128,51.5034286206938,51.5035148874781,51.5035524792273,51.503656030546,51.5039431916919,51.5043943552458,51.5044567979893,51.5046434378565,51.5048411516063,51.5050379908764,51.5053558681747,51.5054406013968,51.5056453829412,51.5055887755381,51.5058453771372,51.506226803738,51.5062393570277,51.5062707569643,51.5062916428835,51.5063150552245,51.5063390999518,51.5063698253199,51.506588866885,51.5066187874459,51.5067070908771,51.5067099077791,51.5064726450078,51.5064749956434,51.5070966470313,51.5071342471292,51.5074440744789,51.5072330193407,51.5078169079006,51.507845881082,51.5080765561564,51.5084023988562,51.5085814996205,51.5088057951851,51.508863060957,51.5088312116651,51.5087053034092,51.5085692912115,51.5084891049129,51.5084543166166,51.5084375288523,51.5084212159458,51.5082578175064,51.5081984036868,51.5081908237233,51.5081885870983,51.5082160837377,51.5082387634862,51.5082451222792,51.5082221835373,51.5083292533915,51.5083893398279,51.5084613054602,51.508592899775,51.5086315249682,51.5085383536487,51.5089021807217,51.5090054506562,51.5090608512329,51.5091285416277,51.5091688042371,51.5093557887773,51.5094034205048,51.5094064298384,51.5092237372935,51.5094152244482,51.509460812941,51.5094819700827,51.5095007205493,51.5095214369382,51.509537853028,51.5095517178529,51.5095573746315,51.5095630314081,51.5095681510239,51.5095660334977,51.5095110350526,51.5094920606138,51.5094768733768,51.5094698459444,51.5094735055146,51.5094898661589,51.5095445950601,51.5095910027173,51.509632871202,51.5096826448815,51.5096950274891,51.5097235602879,51.5097435545986,51.5098283575246,51.5098546682521,51.5098502450721,51.5100105183129,51.5100066896645,51.5099983197534,51.5097844991233,51.5097653939457,51.5097232597349,51.5096438002619,51.5094930100446,51.5094977715718,51.5095555135231,51.5094831797152,51.5094005305738,51.5093405612339,51.5092460859885,51.5091847823167,51.5088141016493,51.5089850939174,51.5086545409915,51.5085502418451,51.5083232859982,51.5082048471085,51.5081493238084,51.5080919791743,51.5079899065314,51.5079875336856,51.5080193660412,51.508032424622,51.5079475582485,51.5079046877187,51.5078957493734,51.5078771793746,51.5078347180732,51.5077002367884,51.507600668735,51.5075677903974,51.5075543703948,51.5075472886269,51.5075478987145,51.5075859030719,51.5070863607532,51.5070943395615,51.5067854021003,51.5067195765775,51.5064435057763,51.5061830443088,51.506203182868,51.5061146455221,51.5061836544324,51.5059868906282,51.5058865736781,51.5053643008439,51.5054713849653,51.5053486832361,51.5052445819824,51.5048110609696,51.5048523679414,51.5045532433439,51.5044067280131,51.5037641619039,51.5036780531877,51.5034590034873,51.5033236278032,51.5031431912144,51.5030319322598,51.5030668668991,51.5030207725062,51.502969319467,51.5029348258797,51.5029526387018,51.5029471348072,51.5028693737446,51.5028694690525,51.5028444972785,51.5028394283362,51.5028470198405,51.5028307857231,51.5028468846427,51.5028555738289,51.5028587167576,51.5028669060691,51.5029030712915,51.5029031188955,51.5030219269202,51.5030961586029,51.5030406575768,51.5030710527885,51.5031291227583,51.5032108082871,51.5032890368045,51.5033007717555,51.5033089359356,51.5032361281056,51.5032038300185,51.5031936885391,51.5031898850303,51.503192371929,51.5032558666881,51.5033557574924,51.503673324652,51.5037626242099,51.5038491080954,51.5037594389515,51.5039474227484,51.5039759252383,51.5042172830003,51.5041439306572,51.5043546787586,51.5044447283019,51.5045186772364,51.5045652192075,51.5045913033189,51.5046665276581,51.5047129957008,51.5047726795128,51.5048722115542,51.5049577060472,51.5048707785352,51.5048407732854,51.5047749595121,51.5047427299886,51.5047427827618,51.5045663736474,51.5047053070657,51.505050847253,51.505068655931,51.5050859432695,51.5051461791509,51.5054040124303,51.5055758274566,51.5056236471828,51.5056602083246,51.5057866068323,51.5058297426157,51.5059701179608,51.5060185769853,51.5060215570532,51.5058252790904,51.5059058548873,51.5058951205263,51.5058978173572,51.5059041797218,51.5059414997257,51.506003387276,51.5060431654965,51.5059572994824,51.5059291111189,51.5059015623548,51.5059543222085,51.5060344658788,51.5062663204981,51.5062178180366,51.5062579261959,51.5061840254265,51.5064343656807,51.5066045632601,51.5066882052234,51.5067687476792,51.5068070320466,51.5068497856517,51.5070340692568,51.5072391947976,51.5073358792596,51.5073521675175,51.5074237897888,51.5075293627526,51.5076885525259,51.5077872049727,51.5078180370022,51.5078100200018,51.5078177279872,51.5078360049393,51.5078389602796,51.5078427881949]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.138394434283573,-0.138515281916148,-0.139267809779572,-0.139451093461727,-0.139693035224613,-0.140529124705522,-0.140702232063821,-0.140804071249631,-0.140884321136182,-0.140937800944196,-0.141005943410488,-0.141031590353402,-0.141056431153774,-0.141077863935089,-0.141032182216857,-0.141043240988706,-0.141043302679164,-0.141018109283277,-0.140996580622733,-0.140805275155435,-0.140699094474202,-0.140659053474364,-0.140638819059633,-0.140597506691602,-0.140592691824904,-0.140622603546761,-0.140718791936926,-0.140755314917982,-0.140802884325849,-0.140817266536634,-0.140816937110218,-0.140682573825803,-0.140672981555935,-0.140667384989428,-0.140670891832684,-0.14068164481597,-0.140690308365341,-0.141036305843825,-0.141111787658669,-0.141145612425643,-0.141197279648517,-0.141202057802073,-0.141303437710259,-0.141541451009308,-0.141670491574708,-0.141890202569618,-0.142224516478278,-0.142536491732009,-0.142501030797427,-0.142415881006558,-0.142170893988015,-0.141587651701218,-0.140915879542213,-0.140706208319351,-0.140521136806211,-0.139489688669225,-0.139094370968029,-0.138856912205427,-0.13867724543688,-0.138448206116726,-0.138429055217863,-0.138343945893209,-0.138072423724491,-0.137595528084261,-0.137285065452077,-0.136892998620553,-0.136703880912813,-0.13655085198714,-0.136170334738106,-0.135904937869728,-0.13560319272984,-0.135258190393837,-0.135190602367761,-0.134225266305539,-0.133427141780264,-0.133396120324002,-0.133112151655482,-0.132977190338525,-0.132801590473596,-0.132681749810683,-0.132353653994059,-0.131915552452282,-0.131732665527008,-0.131612123067446,-0.131389743842079,-0.131197571139766,-0.131024846733895,-0.130529821000367,-0.129751909343077,-0.129375061490465,-0.128755339104799,-0.127496513185537,-0.127124279649869,-0.126777416220127,-0.126699649033582,-0.126530210166773,-0.126232416223177,-0.12615546231611,-0.125477822174501,-0.125476379992523,-0.125105628351109,-0.124880980554637,-0.124713687009928,-0.124623198927723,-0.124578009107818,-0.124554082459255,-0.124506601120827,-0.124404501499241,-0.124283542457206,-0.124119353216273,-0.1239603393834,-0.123845256827408,-0.123822920751524,-0.123775364149982,-0.123609104036657,-0.123435484823613,-0.12327369926892,-0.122407621931928,-0.122371126548633,-0.121794860903579,-0.121775889882872,-0.121758734129032,-0.119928333609406,-0.119650680991575,-0.119568325895935,-0.119539444335979,-0.119393922020324,-0.119238862262055,-0.119264010402861,-0.119140360850381,-0.118890252873418,-0.118899054473159,-0.119487436382917,-0.119567057770283,-0.1190640310866,-0.118868004974715,-0.118234455708463,-0.117800110147212,-0.117585305356948,-0.11745120041637,-0.117184434592066,-0.11658697931527,-0.115818827532522,-0.115585327057362,-0.116127865634468,-0.116099469171427,-0.115749063872006,-0.115405685522471,-0.11560153559105,-0.115606047698299,-0.115507590961773,-0.11519956294778,-0.115142771440666,-0.115139315361853,-0.115159536590889,-0.115166078631039,-0.115093499696273,-0.115047911178011,-0.115045919194829,-0.115043117087164,-0.111621277183244,-0.110707657609256,-0.110672315536938,-0.11033730684805,-0.109308563850008,-0.109056118739808,-0.108815397341792,-0.108614492833722,-0.108422539587206,-0.108320484931447,-0.107843778759654,-0.107770079766654,-0.107611272231092,-0.10733036365445,-0.107021576148462,-0.106903963966815,-0.106634186539727,-0.106204650874996,-0.104871506019498,-0.104603517967653,-0.104463625071842,-0.104402313023013,-0.104391151801867,-0.1045107463265,-0.103793755081595,-0.10216455294488,-0.10208598116461,-0.101929923375745,-0.101515722107294,-0.101417378415665,-0.101329970493532,-0.101101846080516,-0.100999140596893,-0.100961185506978,-0.100864846652823,-0.099479677742761,-0.0985876643478763,-0.0960322224603798,-0.0957588374850519,-0.0948255252344271,-0.0944990851080576,-0.0942915215266815,-0.0937563908299642,-0.0936353471379203,-0.0933406575294207,-0.0931261034378695,-0.0929852654248271,-0.0927685800513219,-0.0922825557013479,-0.0921679703429673,-0.0917028097383454,-0.0915914347458792,-0.0915565716077115,-0.0915115414098301,-0.0912501112121983,-0.0910476415833458,-0.0908841490569881,-0.0907708648771016,-0.0905577639766322,-0.0903753782512794,-0.0903115735945013,-0.0902925952343952,-0.0903834336182492,-0.0904203289974384,-0.0903199662962509,-0.0902663735579687,-0.0903079578840019,-0.0903330820417211,-0.0903933820061461,-0.0904033820548894,-0.0902578634536242,-0.0900374609696838,-0.0898728795983009,-0.0897535237212139,-0.0896460767276933,-0.089529141824452,-0.0892997000337032,-0.0890500005637066,-0.0885885307597679,-0.0877448976084251,-0.0876560816778331,-0.0875523896214625,-0.087356669542959,-0.0869934752749689,-0.0867890035725979,-0.0865098774690641,-0.0863514205316179,-0.0862703882640759,-0.0860789207883859,-0.085639679794982,-0.0855044391444076,-0.0854044050223605,-0.0853012239500309,-0.0851804813396128,-0.0846986438457913,-0.0846324880280443,-0.0845126210063509,-0.0843789881007326,-0.0837143024843843,-0.0832176868612835,-0.0811214566995024,-0.0802876498239067,-0.0799633591819839,-0.0797248710484784,-0.0795793925380997,-0.0795091751693119,-0.0794613396290114,-0.0793333106216917,-0.079041095999017,-0.0788687927358819,-0.0788029742546003,-0.0786840103983635,-0.0779052314044019,-0.0777182942282319,-0.0770904734434622,-0.0769162893764613,-0.0767575436331477,-0.0767289433574269,-0.076635744461442,-0.0764411109456302,-0.0764151577062647,-0.0763739202824152,-0.0763576805061269,-0.076377932100921,-0.0768394296666316,-0.0783210150052257,-0.0797198087747298,-0.0831659168394279,-0.0838383143867261,-0.0836294495595803,-0.0836606713593608,-0.0840862143821458,-0.0846891372133748,-0.0854943852125483,-0.0856823054146681,-0.0860362846549191,-0.0864042133788767,-0.0864622622088026,-0.0865709047733542,-0.0866174334372028,-0.0868158750953402,-0.0870860841540877,-0.0874096750171737,-0.0877013274876202,-0.0881990358379903,-0.0886615156570533,-0.0891393789587155,-0.0896906013930412,-0.0897186190758981,-0.0902576412880254,-0.0907729893686098,-0.0913750880818496,-0.0915885706465277,-0.091981602552744,-0.092548265387384,-0.0932846196313856,-0.093779251004127,-0.0939862085002684,-0.0944841053445598,-0.0945532076601539,-0.0950498098630195,-0.0950455693398057,-0.0960118120268072,-0.096163874635718,-0.0965525061912998,-0.0970336505939184,-0.0962614701673013,-0.0958952090292385,-0.0955248748931577,-0.095317711951786,-0.0951128997659889,-0.095083573033645,-0.095081989103873,-0.0950934845348046,-0.0951419587339395,-0.0954053613566806,-0.08960135390934,-0.0890500164416511,-0.0887804640592242,-0.0886629952752175,-0.0885982295735787,-0.0885522303837174,-0.0884847989329962,-0.0883102755669578,-0.0881319758358304,-0.0878378746317354,-0.0878041730634457,-0.0874399548462025,-0.0872945169049234,-0.0870321906503501,-0.0867954197623538,-0.0864563633676289,-0.086299117776423,-0.0850207111969484,-0.084908988032221,-0.084751022915619,-0.0850308690361957,-0.0852707205278882,-0.0854097519419759,-0.0854434344307641,-0.0851110961993634,-0.0851393733799046,-0.0845278500755477,-0.0842235517992884,-0.084315417477097,-0.0843382333919926,-0.084441335924436,-0.0845237696046524,-0.0847032725466779,-0.0849063156702261,-0.0850671459460576,-0.0852179066789452,-0.0853764576910552,-0.0855561364685949,-0.0858137962458454,-0.0859046213571104,-0.0862274520889507,-0.0863571351435002,-0.0875429141789208,-0.088129376760466,-0.0893030593988927,-0.0897805297137452,-0.0900043104292443,-0.0897046758767502,-0.0896935020542595,-0.0902636502587206,-0.0909262916151637,-0.0913720621695657,-0.0918215037438154,-0.0921761374615342,-0.0923745104683138,-0.0925168061004088,-0.0933015796358246,-0.0934146612999673,-0.0935931933852074,-0.0936153693639897,-0.0938753198999408,-0.0943447045212244,-0.0944101717987648,-0.094622858168302,-0.0950886678636239,-0.0959876073646706,-0.0960174250862479,-0.0964698396850375,-0.0966236937908779,-0.0966846840480718,-0.0966977614147548,-0.0967138489608534,-0.0967863181050472,-0.0979724532826793,-0.0979335410503358,-0.0979017192376215,-0.0977872474590479,-0.097701100087772,-0.0976400961769656,-0.0975121426091989,-0.0973837096209099,-0.0973745857891337,-0.097393148378212,-0.097403252135706,-0.0975167146795032,-0.0975681170595543,-0.0976241197029784,-0.0976701706728193,-0.0984513225154881,-0.098901910272571,-0.0993483432803946,-0.0996545817405544,-0.100110214344748,-0.10025751502651,-0.100301027928546,-0.1004301261057,-0.100802751543213,-0.101072674498257,-0.101575140789388,-0.101820797686006,-0.10208400050911,-0.103256768007067,-0.104756125491624,-0.105341131640742,-0.105349923289653,-0.10548951763617,-0.105884415279116,-0.106036470718735,-0.106165063664447,-0.106352529031939,-0.106501627746717,-0.106647748219447,-0.107020549148219,-0.108274441011435,-0.108285741772481,-0.10833695578676,-0.10860216878104,-0.10875833635703,-0.108966752160185,-0.10899126745988,-0.109244466628781,-0.1093216609607,-0.109481577706053,-0.10960467311539,-0.109809631003374,-0.109985219809988,-0.110602557799403,-0.111201357912202,-0.111885071783423,-0.112194220247546,-0.112357917145219,-0.112563048219487,-0.113212170965062,-0.113506859725837,-0.113612148880428,-0.113679656167517,-0.113880834858294,-0.114103165008543,-0.114206816346068,-0.11425342179999,-0.113735337654034,-0.113224671473578,-0.112949388983406,-0.113437713776847,-0.113625356606437,-0.113760400661362,-0.113824851888912,-0.114494835383188,-0.114705667403184,-0.115303556683591,-0.115432421413322,-0.115476112151255,-0.11552873769624,-0.11556976348858,-0.115680264420048,-0.115726922909826,-0.115783314149998,-0.115807015470925,-0.115841099094965,-0.115880247197116,-0.115943332060229,-0.1160166880765,-0.116052924025181,-0.116532520664817,-0.117102934308749,-0.117557690913294,-0.118141158591545,-0.119011421037366,-0.119895987894153,-0.121218885239303,-0.121995523906944,-0.122556113049131,-0.122553265107461,-0.122563452971613,-0.122464719851335,-0.122360522142287,-0.122340403315935,-0.122341030660235,-0.122338704102011,-0.122329122819241,-0.122340604054314,-0.122352307278812,-0.122400724785628,-0.122520976356958,-0.122606985467736,-0.12272443836027,-0.123075520511935,-0.123176280451748,-0.123378024644622,-0.123734371749593,-0.124050336957998,-0.124297613672376,-0.124861094222693,-0.12500890622097,-0.125086251733335,-0.125093200182192,-0.125266808372827,-0.125479478539465,-0.125689972869206,-0.125741164753912,-0.125827201019105,-0.125900560326803,-0.125938516506039,-0.125909697405353,-0.12599407699568,-0.126155334267936,-0.126361950176798,-0.126395659313426,-0.126509391853384,-0.12665369245887,-0.126888229439867,-0.127088637738488,-0.127138978207029,-0.127173131885963,-0.127204105619686,-0.127268638604243,-0.127609889675736,-0.127699443582272,-0.127781754030544,-0.127972394100059,-0.128235731042259,-0.129137592123756,-0.129347124530419,-0.129350007314999,-0.129834688260511,-0.13002552769981,-0.130162847563555,-0.130344870235105,-0.130714495487674,-0.130762018457591,-0.130814143476399,-0.130837363982543,-0.130879065802476,-0.130925607850139,-0.131027115163055,-0.131244982587744,-0.131354913736951,-0.131840732202357,-0.132161839674472,-0.133250486225784,-0.134005060841134,-0.134379545100974,-0.134639481535653,-0.134722445380085,-0.134883424418701,-0.135089227836075,-0.135147164143671,-0.135204173599614,-0.135255968183567,-0.135337594930336,-0.135474818664507,-0.13591279950435,-0.136544149109666,-0.13701742479802,-0.13717894952942,-0.137272379403083,-0.137384266604767,-0.137445614683876,-0.138394434283573],"lat":[51.5568591905219,51.5570085840267,51.558010589092,51.5582562916355,51.5585847551629,51.5598029957931,51.5599801924023,51.5600654358354,51.5601494378588,51.5602177285266,51.560350997054,51.5604296376269,51.5605280487903,51.560710035649,51.5610519238764,51.5611699000452,51.5612391428083,51.5613970105983,51.5614650120493,51.5619107036557,51.5621086533064,51.5622060363927,51.5622776552594,51.5625476729959,51.5628425486671,51.5630642366381,51.5632528035489,51.5633478028651,51.563525707617,51.5636329454979,51.5638532549713,51.5642467931303,51.5643050919653,51.5643715473072,51.564462426477,51.5645525212232,51.5645877290024,51.5651606337104,51.5653263910674,51.565416851255,51.5656712563693,51.5656956116313,51.5661108694858,51.5672800585809,51.5676894593661,51.5683170133174,51.5686820038445,51.5689225442649,51.5690137056909,51.5691202668882,51.5691478618736,51.5692609232394,51.5693509973269,51.5693971336318,51.5694769313746,51.5700001277107,51.570210576721,51.5703363016958,51.5704602451864,51.5705564278752,51.5705660157345,51.5706006352262,51.5707123295643,51.5709412624733,51.5710523369625,51.5711827976025,51.5712553311935,51.5713275383413,51.5715283209575,51.571631115184,51.571740525257,51.5718843176455,51.5719138178432,51.5724407167043,51.5728659553809,51.5728834467949,51.573016513613,51.573070119479,51.5731293732635,51.5731661337678,51.5732490381838,51.5733751526755,51.5734360873522,51.5734899212223,51.5735637152153,51.5736047178435,51.5736289442885,51.5737001923865,51.5738073961097,51.5738472507827,51.573932689941,51.5741536068569,51.5741161929881,51.5741286413356,51.5741247021671,51.5741040122724,51.5740462021377,51.5740224922271,51.5740422436722,51.5740422206343,51.5740740658062,51.574097453616,51.5741298507731,51.5741544827469,51.574270662266,51.5743611035213,51.5743576469276,51.574348821122,51.5743423915041,51.5744045124962,51.574516174427,51.5746123521376,51.5746290806618,51.5746624915791,51.5746697248621,51.5746804372026,51.5746841445894,51.5749688393202,51.5749089052562,51.5750597486988,51.5750648405214,51.5750258984253,51.5754570001751,51.5755056068829,51.5755078841922,51.5755083206212,51.5752577970858,51.5749936318221,51.5749787477194,51.5748976323784,51.5747335577778,51.5747301018916,51.5744256959728,51.5743847074052,51.5743694515472,51.57436361156,51.574259032965,51.5741882205993,51.5741479059493,51.5740405429611,51.5738258396782,51.5733720248838,51.5728237432077,51.5725727012314,51.5721902408005,51.5721789939685,51.5720330855769,51.5718917852053,51.5716224591066,51.5716180353383,51.5715562047519,51.5714325571154,51.5714100630068,51.5713191836889,51.5708303188812,51.5706721567275,51.5706476105059,51.5706333895101,51.5706117756148,51.570574861529,51.5690531735006,51.5686059294094,51.5685882746791,51.5684201165102,51.5677920571941,51.5676513037581,51.5675062424866,51.567375311227,51.5672373299386,51.5671583494694,51.566789165959,51.5667223324556,51.566550712916,51.566331262108,51.5661230510576,51.5660366243478,51.5658272431235,51.5655388468722,51.5646351606688,51.5647648199245,51.5648327013976,51.5647804537804,51.5647712809899,51.5647057694411,51.5643218961093,51.5632883981157,51.5632349708289,51.5631020554571,51.5627932069246,51.5627295675296,51.5626804929847,51.5625805817281,51.5625177706324,51.5624937758785,51.5624166797295,51.5614851110883,51.560837587887,51.5612268884868,51.561174791702,51.5609645037007,51.5608701769909,51.5607966644605,51.5605523682366,51.5605144316368,51.5604889605027,51.5604791790128,51.5604660990289,51.5604382972491,51.5602964076579,51.5602765595341,51.5602222340008,51.5601601727799,51.5600624867305,51.5599664337927,51.5595602163671,51.5592619683654,51.5589976264565,51.5587745675745,51.5583169783591,51.5579183398909,51.5578228801117,51.5577937951991,51.557726031422,51.5576717776451,51.5566926589085,51.5558024277647,51.5553606732959,51.5549330388853,51.5544232459007,51.5541500364071,51.5541458693395,51.5541386845616,51.554073057624,51.5540297488297,51.5539776413106,51.5539109911784,51.553740893376,51.5538132629523,51.5539478274411,51.5529449038628,51.5528957959017,51.5528230648472,51.5527434379591,51.552667374887,51.552624473652,51.5525731604913,51.5525337067124,51.5525054074291,51.5524276462525,51.5522046595902,51.5521619864633,51.552139671258,51.552123599371,51.5521135355357,51.5520463198883,51.5520416428652,51.552045081412,51.5520671793599,51.5521291640443,51.5521390365916,51.5519761772494,51.5519094810005,51.5518691034374,51.5518121443297,51.5517387221728,51.5516935094083,51.5516648495335,51.5515881156974,51.5513342385574,51.5511443726919,51.5510632614157,51.5509426119111,51.5496735993803,51.5494205442454,51.5486773644391,51.5484299124831,51.5481584334948,51.5481183974922,51.5479343211657,51.5473169400257,51.5469747981675,51.5466530885043,51.5464226133087,51.5463528035918,51.5460798026587,51.5462416665468,51.5463491005795,51.5465763148424,51.5466034856726,51.5452242173001,51.5450646602918,51.5439295594757,51.5423818982071,51.5403762188508,51.5397812820491,51.5387340321024,51.5377319712475,51.5375512689248,51.5374019664417,51.5372552477707,51.537268376108,51.5372206259212,51.5371377753176,51.5370256270764,51.5367792506504,51.536547585459,51.53629278846,51.5360077103129,51.5359928792584,51.535757957992,51.5355028653933,51.5352419880216,51.5351366516099,51.5349443100261,51.5346684622614,51.5343342208819,51.5341255396415,51.5340380779415,51.5338546259029,51.5338917185068,51.5337046460427,51.5336335361832,51.5332832272609,51.5332326393672,51.5331103529358,51.5329823720159,51.5318610637422,51.5313092723211,51.5307861896399,51.5304644903141,51.530052004149,51.529925632397,51.5298599611593,51.529791804561,51.5296666962288,51.5291934696191,51.5277043438624,51.5275469861968,51.5274427772794,51.5273905049749,51.5273534794401,51.527315860425,51.5272392241761,51.5270691186054,51.5268171190178,51.5262323056062,51.5261076590166,51.525957840142,51.5259194984586,51.5258495749412,51.5257890602112,51.5258644624482,51.525901464336,51.5262034329531,51.5258769777458,51.5254157783055,51.5252054252957,51.5248487393819,51.5245929224982,51.5245116400303,51.5244270805152,51.5239248582661,51.5238977876547,51.5239009112833,51.5236011610023,51.5234009995934,51.5224899387321,51.522071332427,51.5216066505714,51.5209930762788,51.5206297048976,51.5203345123723,51.5201284731734,51.5198310544866,51.5194269974537,51.5192890949706,51.518808764519,51.518844152895,51.5191998150475,51.519410809285,51.5197806443484,51.5199098209209,51.5199701183022,51.5206891393914,51.5207150358184,51.5207998576839,51.5208789881829,51.5209392988001,51.5209807830762,51.5210144287875,51.5210275470443,51.5214857835618,51.5213330803424,51.5215246613205,51.521495190004,51.5215854759294,51.5215393423545,51.5214831222118,51.5217449697375,51.5223131568962,51.5231372459448,51.5229090428104,51.5229544895509,51.5228215487472,51.5231765531979,51.5231658525744,51.5231633670124,51.5231924041963,51.5233212742045,51.5228773982187,51.522842595561,51.5228106056333,51.5226864506823,51.5225744452901,51.5224817319659,51.5222314624589,51.5218543901384,51.5217274472598,51.5216279311123,51.5215930240774,51.5216029577579,51.5213034404761,51.5210318746649,51.5207223787253,51.5205866682893,51.5204968528314,51.5203683003851,51.5202833369209,51.5201414418269,51.5201348351407,51.5201283458573,51.5201088545809,51.5199871945798,51.5199088334474,51.5197497058261,51.5196655547009,51.5195753921985,51.519206784417,51.5187481216769,51.5185444497641,51.5185409947628,51.5191367571904,51.520284287967,51.520684213452,51.5209200957278,51.5212657379967,51.5214938576327,51.5216895558655,51.5221892630408,51.5220898917006,51.5220954694765,51.5221466536113,51.522460273561,51.5226921011927,51.5229850208986,51.5230195877409,51.5229274493943,51.5229430817505,51.5230149017886,51.5230708408838,51.5230993229712,51.5231408202658,51.5232712657728,51.5233969132327,51.5235607938452,51.5236494002499,51.5236996950945,51.5237938205528,51.5242368042073,51.5244312862712,51.5245345950832,51.5246103186499,51.5249049114155,51.5252807765616,51.5254586963913,51.5255169977782,51.5258791595275,51.5262360428225,51.526408767201,51.5265227338091,51.5265869006973,51.5266331356934,51.5266782354254,51.5270711888052,51.5272022713081,51.5275958597057,51.5277220268451,51.5277811801263,51.5278683537273,51.5279571394574,51.5283186151765,51.52872492707,51.5294542264672,51.5295436330511,51.529626012383,51.5296904880243,51.5297688368811,51.5298428544092,51.5298731116716,51.530094835017,51.5302820441078,51.5304071446188,51.530557688801,51.530746101477,51.5309374346623,51.5308480222188,51.5307894177393,51.5307255519734,51.5308298194279,51.5311078508197,51.5327366111148,51.5340424527963,51.5345663934299,51.5345861869671,51.5355186717107,51.535821565486,51.5360681436518,51.536309329862,51.5368847252629,51.5373614535799,51.5376191161383,51.5379186472698,51.5384979859461,51.5386425786226,51.5388913010742,51.5392378163323,51.5395144425504,51.539813350123,51.5405939135914,51.5408570582246,51.541115479486,51.541192026665,51.5414591801917,51.5417584312932,51.5421107028708,51.5424793133102,51.542736973574,51.5429170958996,51.5430462947317,51.5431861170814,51.5435543582396,51.5441927024285,51.5450610789365,51.5451884112365,51.5456146724942,51.5461043690544,51.5469956712978,51.5474538900475,51.5475275327187,51.5476090102002,51.547662560238,51.5477418248877,51.5480368292475,51.5481039035044,51.548171761347,51.5483060935326,51.5484262980332,51.5488381501721,51.5489691843432,51.5489692303079,51.5493195704017,51.5494844767331,51.5496179553924,51.5498924287712,51.5506572827032,51.5508702620593,51.55121730244,51.5512842166239,51.5513577199584,51.5514187109342,51.5515111518746,51.5516504084898,51.5517133081798,51.5519665390888,51.5521209264907,51.5528351685492,51.5533597421406,51.5536201839984,51.5538599193503,51.5539475659327,51.5541380674215,51.5544317951609,51.5544965624727,51.5545487255852,51.5545873171035,51.5546371736627,51.5547032008725,51.5548576364988,51.5550457161254,51.5552897334175,51.5553966104915,51.5554754289197,51.5555968048078,51.5556841062357,51.5568591905219]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.097664742057559,-0.0975583772371069,-0.0973421250217411,-0.0973013695802717,-0.0972257773661489,-0.0971502601693015,-0.0970747429359762,-0.0969993382648534,-0.0969500424138574,-0.0969021887022062,-0.096854410050995,-0.0968080735433473,-0.0967777133009711,-0.0967314518590737,-0.0966867076427997,-0.0966419634266331,-0.0966131204101544,-0.096568451277565,-0.0965237821486064,-0.0961275358061571,-0.0955653692069792,-0.0955394857293372,-0.0954432001290099,-0.0953468394410451,-0.0952504036541027,-0.0951539303258613,-0.0951236828893458,-0.0950948775979129,-0.0950661098791543,-0.0950373045921154,-0.0950084993069915,-0.0949796940237803,-0.0949508887424839,-0.0949220458895106,-0.0948931654631565,-0.0947104267216594,-0.0945759458009506,-0.0943027082711573,-0.093826566816763,-0.0937243002888384,-0.093583095488787,-0.093541009834309,-0.0932464851876812,-0.0931508140840239,-0.0930653132455323,-0.0930465652329062,-0.0929642495738699,-0.0928834512949494,-0.0928012860963371,-0.0927191585249127,-0.092680408448942,-0.0925122783682081,-0.0923425933922756,-0.0921742377978003,-0.0921555274454161,-0.0921152600688163,-0.0920749926985023,-0.0920332455514954,-0.0919929405612575,-0.0919525979430861,-0.0919107379094356,-0.0918861836963461,-0.0918442860275638,-0.0918009085697635,-0.0917589356239046,-0.0916317627993938,-0.0915883100459846,-0.0915462617970907,-0.0914883122245499,-0.0913897565135133,-0.091264564381111,-0.0909974123608049,-0.0906605951874119,-0.0903518553473425,-0.0902961115656023,-0.0901886758791384,-0.0901479563091015,-0.090092739756748,-0.0899810904575697,-0.0898364597114429,-0.0895436628939381,-0.0894213428222456,-0.0893536365463699,-0.0892875231855012,-0.0892198923082317,-0.089153703607811,-0.0890172636034908,-0.0889856114393208,-0.0888388879554837,-0.0886388423220118,-0.088413186717504,-0.0881023019126017,-0.0879964207420834,-0.0879009363556798,-0.0877912189031705,-0.0877133044444012,-0.0876067353475025,-0.0874211491874527,-0.086872159930911,-0.086865917342945,-0.0869547820135865,-0.0870437517792086,-0.0871739615966876,-0.0871801915046357,-0.0872316617929614,-0.0866637270062244,-0.0860885123044767,-0.0860551157911914,-0.0858532943917567,-0.0856892254405891,-0.0849050022316088,-0.0838213689606061,-0.0836118744029766,-0.0828000219799452,-0.08223495937572,-0.0818473271218904,-0.0808768318773252,-0.080861758894836,-0.0798365082143287,-0.0798407939187874,-0.0793482090671755,-0.0789588537055198,-0.0784683546301846,-0.0780684871800226,-0.0780240828095572,-0.0780293191701767,-0.0780310646225613,-0.0775683495771634,-0.0775457702288951,-0.0775214427692701,-0.0770520490998348,-0.0770934151974016,-0.077056184159772,-0.0762467061732945,-0.0759733782071929,-0.0758986506888704,-0.075784300656244,-0.0757530280066513,-0.0754302830183486,-0.0753749110323778,-0.0753237897163608,-0.0752051892267895,-0.0751755453202607,-0.074434372870528,-0.074435587177725,-0.0744485647737354,-0.0743935716030175,-0.0743747493696972,-0.0742357674412373,-0.073999664901789,-0.0737621199729847,-0.0737620424171756,-0.0736406323751799,-0.0736287562137896,-0.0736240513530326,-0.0735445409885974,-0.073545604928284,-0.0730431894333162,-0.0727684133475517,-0.0725133005172486,-0.0723782265787384,-0.0723667270967133,-0.0723216010321876,-0.071920742975783,-0.0718931512198288,-0.0718578630934837,-0.0718526267826345,-0.0709340193611116,-0.070487686078116,-0.0699763801620249,-0.0697305554175827,-0.0694893233320931,-0.069330905379059,-0.0687492652594784,-0.0683315877316726,-0.0679945583384081,-0.0674301493252381,-0.0673722324564335,-0.0672346512583752,-0.0670894014626017,-0.0667377949638913,-0.0667829445089865,-0.0661287985954596,-0.0654722915655292,-0.0646213392911983,-0.0642332694378973,-0.0637659982300895,-0.0627159849145162,-0.0611841808668271,-0.0609947194151374,-0.0606904487697277,-0.060333880727025,-0.0600835109105559,-0.0600045567533071,-0.0597416525888876,-0.0596860832573559,-0.0593728231939065,-0.0590794032364498,-0.0588647938289094,-0.0587480718888053,-0.0587427628940713,-0.0585938440197456,-0.0585329964623619,-0.0584964222721699,-0.0584502126920271,-0.0584308790036937,-0.0582258382720557,-0.0575903167559816,-0.0571061274379445,-0.0567706898719246,-0.0566216276578108,-0.0563992207671516,-0.0561721537716918,-0.0560103324012,-0.0558696049221785,-0.0557805451737945,-0.0555760861243201,-0.0552903376056226,-0.0549803205887061,-0.0547916247060671,-0.0546792404987993,-0.0545561260948454,-0.0544390869547427,-0.054291935651201,-0.0541759878800241,-0.0535346995995235,-0.0533842934752595,-0.0532939446056047,-0.0531592411631898,-0.0528249484630776,-0.0519344852142432,-0.0511755245052704,-0.0508527242430557,-0.0507879720276494,-0.0506885943005065,-0.0504468699021447,-0.0498519804451365,-0.0491502301176432,-0.0490538950777029,-0.048959579272128,-0.0485676499830015,-0.0484336950627285,-0.0483063728035603,-0.0482391264797872,-0.0476665742850638,-0.0475475594961698,-0.0474835448032629,-0.046836839490547,-0.0468004906657559,-0.0467703497193057,-0.0467273095534931,-0.0467014387531334,-0.0466866957124104,-0.0466733944944407,-0.046662976901936,-0.0466525593210511,-0.0466436220679119,-0.0466386251068055,-0.0466311296722232,-0.0466250760473706,-0.046620464229663,-0.0466173327294239,-0.0466156045182718,-0.0466153181065189,-0.0466179538013116,-0.0466196266746649,-0.0466233575465894,-0.0466284916980454,-0.0466351061523509,-0.0466431238828535,-0.0466511416065635,-0.0466606011166337,-0.0466700606187432,-0.0466809619048736,-0.0466932664622338,-0.0467056095206201,-0.0467179140582042,-0.0467255466237166,-0.0467424075741572,-0.0467621135748287,-0.0467818195561365,-0.0468029287966183,-0.0468240380172644,-0.0468480307899954,-0.0468539904720413,-0.0470282667679211,-0.0472001372765132,-0.0472167667955982,-0.0472319160285983,-0.0472456619767046,-0.0472594464129896,-0.0472717505673282,-0.0472826514392335,-0.0472935523020115,-0.0472998198605072,-0.0473030113856477,-0.0473110671897856,-0.0473159699648282,-0.0473225839888092,-0.0473291595094017,-0.0473328899873738,-0.0473381007256503,-0.0473403509329432,-0.0473412363670802,-0.047342083303092,-0.0473414884741278,-0.0473394518820682,-0.0473373767944662,-0.0473324566811748,-0.0473312843992359,-0.0473248070380105,-0.0473183681788808,-0.0473118908272037,-0.0473025299608124,-0.0472945723627423,-0.0472837697508493,-0.0472729286488442,-0.0472606457969088,-0.0472483629536846,-0.0472345998638096,-0.0472193950271591,-0.047204151701392,-0.0471874666302508,-0.0471861018746264,-0.0471679365606319,-0.0471512130117281,-0.0471329707177546,-0.0471132866800337,-0.0470921608997549,-0.0470724383813333,-0.0470512741203489,-0.0470286681179138,-0.0470060236234688,-0.0469833791392853,-0.0469606961613639,-0.0469380131928375,-0.0469138884835107,-0.0469039502525758,-0.0468713290817674,-0.0468357859251563,-0.0468016460296411,-0.0467660258951728,-0.0467289640292312,-0.0466933054192142,-0.0466561665671556,-0.046617547471816,-0.0465803316256118,-0.0465689131850458,-0.0460642304982795,-0.0457263676994381,-0.0457055121402847,-0.0453547944268143,-0.0451040085479064,-0.0447404700067879,-0.0444744604793765,-0.0443643111950713,-0.0441454927482939,-0.0437350642298272,-0.0433736497021588,-0.0427934681343253,-0.0427121007740713,-0.0425391585252577,-0.0423896836466128,-0.0421928390425222,-0.0418884584150044,-0.0417141017758471,-0.0410791559576641,-0.0407414455589291,-0.0406104546106312,-0.0404768504843072,-0.0403145663311149,-0.0401915949450421,-0.040076566268276,-0.0399105897409193,-0.0397253184948148,-0.0393751824108842,-0.0392337830902709,-0.0391090663194092,-0.0389829969390851,-0.0388378489983079,-0.0387265286795637,-0.0384857645585843,-0.0383671970268649,-0.0381382866496569,-0.0379496276853228,-0.0376833590194272,-0.0372411157375087,-0.037086630699151,-0.0369644822409278,-0.0368150185738045,-0.0366919313315113,-0.0366081185882798,-0.0364165646486249,-0.0360147443544662,-0.0352633780317757,-0.0350270382977146,-0.0349079500067852,-0.034728457503097,-0.0342669129936788,-0.033877975750723,-0.0336710636983176,-0.0335164088187715,-0.0333080242865287,-0.0328748612586953,-0.0325697815128326,-0.0321780125952556,-0.0316909477708852,-0.0311977304290622,-0.0311462620066049,-0.0310934294687102,-0.0310391940040109,-0.0309835556140547,-0.0309279559967943,-0.030872395155587,-0.0308388091117712,-0.030781845329607,-0.030723517454463,-0.0306652283668474,-0.0306055363717054,-0.0305458831704592,-0.0304862687666864,-0.03042525146454,-0.0303643117960313,-0.0303019692379524,-0.0302917996776514,-0.0302309376296461,-0.0301701143993394,-0.0301179801913988,-0.0301092911557971,-0.0300485455705359,-0.0297934423385479,-0.029756113509381,-0.0297202652291613,-0.0295894201875132,-0.0293765537874032,-0.0291705033614774,-0.0285520711531717,-0.0281277699460439,-0.0278911686206558,-0.0275318672773367,-0.02685273801006,-0.0265063770372068,-0.0263719482294242,-0.0262007370925504,-0.0258909297214364,-0.0255344810738956,-0.0251389926143283,-0.0249496659260556,-0.0247592104211056,-0.0246563463135029,-0.0245454559574192,-0.0244471894043707,-0.0243776004886119,-0.0242782431584421,-0.0242041726703103,-0.0240716182769625,-0.0239825477445652,-0.023968713323319,-0.0239198557898686,-0.0235535414828386,-0.0230942274250868,-0.0230339934410689,-0.0225573070011304,-0.0219339010813984,-0.020774925928154,-0.0191599341745464,-0.0188275454503905,-0.0184711612626579,-0.0180756541085653,-0.0179505049237363,-0.0177996872625498,-0.0176758680230889,-0.0175042998171077,-0.0173071098588016,-0.0171894720092721,-0.0171700092930507,-0.0171678689757021,-0.0180824071082889,-0.0189957351694609,-0.0189724450396035,-0.0188880378063371,-0.0188443408120642,-0.0188555754077637,-0.0189030391752442,-0.0189220627131491,-0.0189487644784744,-0.0189419636874805,-0.0188754854981085,-0.0187245580609752,-0.0183413480189121,-0.0181922798813338,-0.0179309621739037,-0.0176212216514895,-0.0175086014892385,-0.0174588340421846,-0.0173424166842159,-0.0172256801852221,-0.0170516791154886,-0.0169853409184411,-0.0169078044855739,-0.0168851722870818,-0.0168756145434111,-0.016838240304358,-0.0168426946325872,-0.0167484786291705,-0.0166208690160278,-0.0165272559830553,-0.0165334835283397,-0.0165721971542413,-0.0165715766344541,-0.016764955636411,-0.0168233082684128,-0.017050531994022,-0.017421052321568,-0.017784367644796,-0.0185558279202014,-0.0192281714248171,-0.0198933904696857,-0.0203520987952522,-0.0214567867704041,-0.0222974332767819,-0.0223550404213382,-0.0223716720543015,-0.0225534876997365,-0.0227529863936484,-0.0230098573863434,-0.0230835885046009,-0.0230707351730638,-0.0238635092354698,-0.0253485639507192,-0.0255056093101388,-0.0255429655440688,-0.0256127249975469,-0.0256595743246659,-0.025707673987125,-0.0257628235796505,-0.0258581688584779,-0.026506655205091,-0.0270511094318777,-0.0273778430845133,-0.0278432677146857,-0.0283869753496574,-0.0287174837199035,-0.0290069802767257,-0.0290162525281695,-0.0291557254777019,-0.0293862278867555,-0.029474780687862,-0.0296521695060485,-0.0299258041100434,-0.03051672718009,-0.0309507582246979,-0.0310650464113901,-0.0315140268142501,-0.0319949180916163,-0.0329204108913928,-0.0330625518686994,-0.033173173623215,-0.0332630690185987,-0.0333877000219078,-0.0334264491677781,-0.0336534107791605,-0.0337793886970375,-0.0338843762752997,-0.034070013467758,-0.0345371960603436,-0.035149757809608,-0.0358728340855019,-0.0367850118587683,-0.0377626801075587,-0.0371567292037753,-0.0371701629058197,-0.0372655623874342,-0.0373788554250846,-0.0374683741169156,-0.0375339075797831,-0.0375511791170602,-0.0379497598011524,-0.0386563049285759,-0.0391113523538649,-0.0401554967971121,-0.0407348502977221,-0.0411027059877436,-0.0414372349043811,-0.0423914104948979,-0.0434697798898746,-0.0435767401109554,-0.0437294548965901,-0.0438324542088806,-0.0439705596257117,-0.0442999280535345,-0.0446431011588687,-0.0447066392046949,-0.0447889859527289,-0.0448607071109111,-0.0449262794998573,-0.0459826314088135,-0.0469232768274565,-0.0471595070813359,-0.0473277844441899,-0.0475748114002997,-0.0478536335937185,-0.0479917678687259,-0.0480793168513998,-0.0481866540740136,-0.048310705619068,-0.048428494029586,-0.0485146980363245,-0.0485864546856649,-0.0489018203146133,-0.0492995519451368,-0.049551426021299,-0.0496255474222156,-0.0499183254603088,-0.0502490678087521,-0.0503581561185097,-0.0504990985725379,-0.0506547191699535,-0.0508092059977941,-0.0509568720366007,-0.0514285906284435,-0.0516039582684983,-0.0517651464712763,-0.0518797258544417,-0.052142195514783,-0.0523945939803683,-0.0525817059608839,-0.0527108733675247,-0.0528099014630887,-0.0528360675901365,-0.0530158934595942,-0.0534668430424416,-0.0538568103390698,-0.0541411105407796,-0.0543899635569778,-0.0547036337113635,-0.0548638176750106,-0.0550387402816159,-0.0552257261997168,-0.0552402883294353,-0.0552474927873734,-0.055425196554523,-0.0556483334691501,-0.0562119437475241,-0.0568150795307674,-0.0572999686772776,-0.0575659949088571,-0.0581126701116175,-0.0587538152191519,-0.0590633451541702,-0.0593558022445841,-0.059684728326365,-0.0599097214448177,-0.0601992374010285,-0.0603712522872703,-0.0604604609815163,-0.0606551380365017,-0.0606831916439668,-0.0609386125695339,-0.0613410913741274,-0.0617015421562737,-0.0620951667226883,-0.0624704334773673,-0.0626641805958108,-0.0627966832079861,-0.0628503284679396,-0.0628380602001606,-0.062754138948088,-0.0627166360343566,-0.0625711523781979,-0.06245756146081,-0.0623141808912635,-0.0622380443817036,-0.0626747132097853,-0.0632631349891491,-0.0649807318040677,-0.0651103490333893,-0.0651402946467993,-0.065364176403,-0.0656236596175847,-0.0658962503080176,-0.0661789719332997,-0.0663132818583332,-0.0673088773025682,-0.0679957197980599,-0.0692959553480491,-0.0699146563933718,-0.0705313117840919,-0.0712324811621416,-0.0716333227280287,-0.0719265233782881,-0.0722654485239092,-0.072787924579839,-0.0729224106256887,-0.0731491444664572,-0.0737730001640364,-0.0740450776114171,-0.0741706135214572,-0.0743736086375631,-0.0746496634404512,-0.0749322357210175,-0.0753184175354619,-0.0754784840453982,-0.075635327443339,-0.0756803672168023,-0.076039205975887,-0.0763495131690883,-0.0768885364894057,-0.0772533170276193,-0.0763153638733536,-0.0763572079411812,-0.0765396617851449,-0.0766356481458915,-0.076640457636826,-0.0766425373187151,-0.0766292608494441,-0.0766013463939545,-0.0765605363683075,-0.0764430828692708,-0.0759154570792695,-0.075776504773504,-0.0757186477875529,-0.0757272882234803,-0.0757704956607028,-0.0758152617524103,-0.0758384217773724,-0.07586313589412,-0.0760145685720931,-0.0760795370328528,-0.0761634208893119,-0.0761871114605987,-0.0764539010805481,-0.0767179388606556,-0.0771314330910912,-0.0779228606541731,-0.0782365019386912,-0.0784528135681574,-0.0784714989901411,-0.0797692775155339,-0.0807590358040503,-0.0810504038961764,-0.0812842164179335,-0.081549389894373,-0.0817623087712737,-0.0817950562407943,-0.0820172740361689,-0.082325791973831,-0.0827339612652505,-0.0833255139948035,-0.0852179066789452,-0.0850671459460576,-0.0849063156702261,-0.0847032725466779,-0.0845237696046524,-0.084441335924436,-0.0843382333919926,-0.084315417477097,-0.0842235517992884,-0.0845278500755477,-0.0851393733799046,-0.0851110961993634,-0.0854434344307641,-0.0854097519419759,-0.0852707205278882,-0.0850308690361957,-0.084751022915619,-0.084908988032221,-0.0850207111969484,-0.086299117776423,-0.0864563633676289,-0.0867954197623538,-0.0870321906503501,-0.0872945169049234,-0.0874399548462025,-0.0878041730634457,-0.0878378746317354,-0.0881319758358304,-0.0883102755669578,-0.0884847989329962,-0.0885522303837174,-0.0885982295735787,-0.0886629952752175,-0.0887804640592242,-0.0890500164416511,-0.08960135390934,-0.0954053613566806,-0.0951419587339395,-0.0950934845348046,-0.095081989103873,-0.095083573033645,-0.0951128997659889,-0.095317711951786,-0.0955248748931577,-0.0958952090292385,-0.0962614701673013,-0.0970336505939184,-0.0965525061912998,-0.096163874635718,-0.0960118120268072,-0.0950455693398057,-0.0950498098630195,-0.0945532076601539,-0.0944841053445598,-0.0939862085002684,-0.093779251004127,-0.0932846196313856,-0.092548265387384,-0.091981602552744,-0.0915885706465277,-0.0913750880818496,-0.0907729893686098,-0.0902576412880254,-0.0897186190758981,-0.0896906013930412,-0.0891393789587155,-0.0886615156570533,-0.0881990358379903,-0.0877013274876202,-0.0874096750171737,-0.0870860841540877,-0.0868158750953402,-0.0866174334372028,-0.0865709047733542,-0.0864622622088026,-0.0864042133788767,-0.0860362846549191,-0.0856823054146681,-0.0854943852125483,-0.0846891372133748,-0.0840862143821458,-0.0836606713593608,-0.0836294495595803,-0.0838383143867261,-0.0831659168394279,-0.0797198087747298,-0.0783210150052257,-0.0768394296666316,-0.076377932100921,-0.0763576805061269,-0.0763739202824152,-0.0764151577062647,-0.0764411109456302,-0.076635744461442,-0.0767289433574269,-0.0767575436331477,-0.0769162893764613,-0.0770904734434622,-0.0777182942282319,-0.0779052314044019,-0.0786840103983635,-0.0788029742546003,-0.0788687927358819,-0.079041095999017,-0.0793333106216917,-0.0794613396290114,-0.0795091751693119,-0.0795793925380997,-0.0797248710484784,-0.0799633591819839,-0.0802876498239067,-0.0811214566995024,-0.0832176868612835,-0.0837143024843843,-0.0843789881007326,-0.0845126210063509,-0.0846324880280443,-0.0846986438457913,-0.0851804813396128,-0.0853012239500309,-0.0854044050223605,-0.0855044391444076,-0.085639679794982,-0.0860789207883859,-0.0862703882640759,-0.0863514205316179,-0.0865098774690641,-0.0867890035725979,-0.0869934752749689,-0.087356669542959,-0.0875523896214625,-0.0876560816778331,-0.0877448976084251,-0.0885885307597679,-0.0890500005637066,-0.0892997000337032,-0.089529141824452,-0.0896460767276933,-0.0897535237212139,-0.0898728795983009,-0.0900374609696838,-0.0902578634536242,-0.0904033820548894,-0.0903933820061461,-0.0903330820417211,-0.0903079578840019,-0.0902663735579687,-0.0903199662962509,-0.0904203289974384,-0.0903834336182492,-0.0902925952343952,-0.0903115735945013,-0.0903753782512794,-0.0905577639766322,-0.0907708648771016,-0.0908841490569881,-0.0910476415833458,-0.0912501112121983,-0.0915115414098301,-0.0915565716077115,-0.0915914347458792,-0.0917028097383454,-0.0921679703429673,-0.0922825557013479,-0.0927685800513219,-0.0929852654248271,-0.0931261034378695,-0.0933406575294207,-0.0936353471379203,-0.0937563908299642,-0.0942915215266815,-0.0944990851080576,-0.0948255252344271,-0.0957588374850519,-0.0960322224603798,-0.0985876643478763,-0.099479677742761,-0.100864846652823,-0.100961185506978,-0.100999140596893,-0.101101846080516,-0.101329970493532,-0.101417378415665,-0.101515722107294,-0.101929923375745,-0.10208598116461,-0.10216455294488,-0.103793755081595,-0.1045107463265,-0.104391151801867,-0.104307208440957,-0.103095555338208,-0.10138056401568,-0.100700387141474,-0.0990420541413356,-0.0987408388348103,-0.0963531831841775,-0.0960553877412082,-0.096115593693588,-0.0962177251406877,-0.0963676261597201,-0.096442509788194,-0.0966045372874013,-0.0966922882156991,-0.096762155802613,-0.0968648796116913,-0.0969122534165248,-0.0974537510923706,-0.0977989952576554,-0.097664742057559],"lat":[51.5736522020517,51.5736765558378,51.5737404932113,51.5737488248573,51.5737619870906,51.5737733519972,51.5737847168548,51.5737933857472,51.5737988810277,51.5738043996762,51.5738081210278,51.5738118657499,51.5738131718331,51.5738151192476,51.5738152927583,51.573815466252,51.5738149984075,51.5738133745961,51.5738117507678,51.5737279872001,51.573643328101,51.5736411095282,51.5736314535763,51.5736235948215,51.5736175332636,51.5736123702643,51.5736109800071,51.5736096131532,51.5736073476544,51.5736059807863,51.5736046139112,51.573603247029,51.5736018801397,51.5736014118811,51.5736018422529,51.5735889835872,51.5736299638656,51.5737451266908,51.5739154441411,51.5739452565248,51.5739744362229,51.5739800472128,51.5740175264427,51.5740276620478,51.5740361643542,51.5740358596838,51.5740372196961,51.5740368058157,51.5740345711675,51.5740314378254,51.5740263117484,51.5740091908736,51.5739947422229,51.5739830126834,51.5739818092348,51.5739784567972,51.5739751043459,51.5739726270682,51.5739701732248,51.5739686180037,51.5739688365906,51.5739693365702,51.5739704537693,51.5739724461379,51.5739753605784,51.5739795871766,51.5739833767381,51.573988088374,51.5739934406219,51.5740035278766,51.5740293682459,51.5741023577564,51.5742191755503,51.5743202628485,51.5743418368729,51.5743571740967,51.5743646046027,51.5743735976385,51.5743861683475,51.5743937058353,51.5743898385074,51.5743815522478,51.5743786513545,51.5743721793664,51.574367481127,51.5743628063329,51.5743470957345,51.5743447817715,51.5743333997343,51.5743202497421,51.5743327604163,51.5743816504783,51.5743943132812,51.5743999514151,51.5744008612931,51.5744004908479,51.574395157121,51.5743813414514,51.5742923591708,51.5743722905119,51.5744555709008,51.5745019837458,51.5744942146241,51.5745176966368,51.5747010830662,51.5747538722745,51.574842509945,51.5748473607302,51.5748764417148,51.575037428525,51.5751199528283,51.5751840943634,51.57518966574,51.575311291732,51.5753641064901,51.5754530911945,51.575640453537,51.5755871513314,51.5755326108108,51.5754994087194,51.5754760601205,51.5754346159653,51.5753618390942,51.5752959401004,51.5752880188208,51.5752665225999,51.5752593571928,51.5751780391059,51.5752343219105,51.5752294271052,51.5751354080623,51.5750785339556,51.5750716291044,51.5749315670782,51.575252614198,51.5753476086322,51.5754923112805,51.5754810074736,51.5753660061275,51.5753444152164,51.5753246924974,51.5753308404146,51.5755542673535,51.5756077527133,51.5756131681383,51.575681724078,51.575685317915,51.5756184645585,51.5756287732897,51.575649178092,51.5756695587432,51.5757055274656,51.5757098291884,51.5756493844829,51.5756241282489,51.5756273192028,51.5756021576716,51.5756406694353,51.5756541419365,51.5756121832785,51.5756324457533,51.5756313576012,51.5756405080547,51.5757004668051,51.5757045096963,51.5756176018572,51.5756049263154,51.5756905446928,51.5758019074855,51.5758798269661,51.575925242296,51.5759644379173,51.5759906076006,51.5760934427939,51.5761414222547,51.5761934258252,51.5762641651826,51.5762686068343,51.5762798296089,51.5763017169131,51.5763570737743,51.5766194995323,51.5767301197874,51.5768622795038,51.5770191055285,51.5771511891054,51.5772450953124,51.577466965944,51.5777842818744,51.5774205516958,51.5768382042794,51.5761623686332,51.5756024924169,51.5754231353233,51.5750222185852,51.5749376693367,51.5744316058368,51.5740697498896,51.5737550587581,51.5735139268044,51.573503047951,51.5732047302903,51.5729393434491,51.5727139252792,51.5725791721276,51.5725248970977,51.5723245680102,51.5718976957714,51.571610911439,51.5713553646622,51.5709931949701,51.5707943734366,51.5706710114912,51.5706080807358,51.5705580887875,51.5705485198954,51.5705379379663,51.5705385980039,51.5704992879461,51.5704574920859,51.570419658847,51.5703627632847,51.5702987742994,51.5701965172545,51.5700731953986,51.5690059367056,51.5687435573868,51.5686629241809,51.568573461706,51.5683934595338,51.5679920001268,51.5677213113052,51.5675765651739,51.5675386201091,51.5674668273862,51.5672146172897,51.5668531232882,51.5663927300896,51.5663173895099,51.5662285936115,51.5659127324962,51.565806191066,51.5657132486177,51.565666268076,51.5653231193217,51.5652384075441,51.5651833870411,51.5645170669877,51.5644562118441,51.5644188406521,51.564379456206,51.5643097829122,51.5642834590895,51.5642571592679,51.5642309074508,51.5642046556329,51.5641775292036,51.5641594609193,51.5641323584923,51.5641052800682,51.5640782256473,51.564050296616,51.5640232902017,51.5639963077907,51.563968474773,51.5639631070949,51.5639433856026,51.5639245867271,51.5639049132408,51.5638861623708,51.5638674115001,51.5638486846316,51.5638299577622,51.5638112548946,51.5637934746419,51.5637747957741,51.5637570155186,51.5637472507786,51.5637241508442,51.563701997524,51.5636798442002,51.5636586134877,51.5636373827711,51.5636162000514,51.5636118029845,51.5634168678645,51.5632443738182,51.5632266654934,51.5632098317843,51.5631920754637,51.5631734205272,51.5631556402079,51.563136937278,51.563118234347,51.5631066483432,51.56309950742,51.5630798578834,51.5630664506557,51.5630467771236,51.563028002205,51.5630082806832,51.5629876845413,51.5629688376388,51.5629481695138,51.5629284000028,51.5629086064975,51.562888788998,51.5628698701125,51.5628500046241,51.5628436903308,51.5628264966903,51.5628084044352,51.562791210794,51.5627739691631,51.5627576501404,51.5627403845134,51.5627240174995,51.5627076264895,51.5626912354783,51.5626757190845,51.5626601786936,51.5626455369148,51.5626308711381,51.5626290499139,51.5626152587526,51.5626014915851,51.5625894976467,51.5625774797086,51.5625654377702,51.5625543184396,51.562543175108,51.5625320077748,51.5625217390513,51.5625114703236,51.5625021002056,51.5624927300833,51.5624833359574,51.5624795735057,51.5624664409183,51.5624541589354,51.5624427995565,51.5624323147807,51.5624218059926,51.5624122198088,51.5624035082258,51.562395671242,51.5623887568629,51.5623858689938,51.5623118198639,51.5622504390501,51.5622321065731,51.5619322079432,51.5617580705068,51.5616899642271,51.5617026168291,51.5617142697618,51.5617367007357,51.5617190672366,51.5616015330671,51.5614380836533,51.5614178419474,51.5613798858354,51.5613666009173,51.5613813015684,51.5614139908967,51.5614425548809,51.5616136052817,51.561716776379,51.5617433651088,51.5617636152598,51.5617797892153,51.5617876270523,51.5617785115777,51.5617127910113,51.5616260649571,51.5614142849481,51.5613139031142,51.5612281880132,51.5611739241309,51.5611607069934,51.5611660402651,51.5611620154059,51.5611681264334,51.5611903774725,51.5612159989504,51.5612681990812,51.5614199701389,51.5614560537332,51.5614782900521,51.5614982706899,51.5615088006862,51.5615118944737,51.5615041925682,51.561454302847,51.5612798570808,51.5612066564562,51.5611579006172,51.5610712633731,51.5608674935856,51.5607197933453,51.5606668667276,51.5606399948009,51.5606212146174,51.5606292403775,51.5606780804321,51.560763234577,51.5609169308158,51.5611127868881,51.5611353039077,51.5611559994995,51.5611757722674,51.5611946222095,51.561212573519,51.5612296261961,51.5612389543447,51.5612550841762,51.5612693925709,51.5612828023307,51.5612952892565,51.5613068775462,51.5613175671999,51.5613273340161,51.5613353035899,51.5613423503235,51.5613439781123,51.5613501504059,51.5613554240625,51.5613599443144,51.5613606976874,51.5613641740705,51.5613580920956,51.5613538682287,51.5613487699553,51.5613384793127,51.5613232139144,51.5612837826745,51.5610719592825,51.5609083582725,51.5608081610568,51.5606762251426,51.5603671516706,51.5602030569097,51.5601423439358,51.5600648253814,51.5599229258909,51.5596921133876,51.559396795335,51.5592380367654,51.5590720648092,51.5589822057065,51.5588778232395,51.558748473996,51.5586564771496,51.5584857435083,51.5582974504487,51.5579274214719,51.557619274257,51.5573726444501,51.5573682245271,51.5573323786525,51.5572787779772,51.5572705689571,51.5570521091082,51.5567574344908,51.5562387998864,51.5554921367544,51.5553399450602,51.5551756567622,51.5540862676659,51.5542109490382,51.5539638023786,51.5537261042874,51.5533922776579,51.552387169879,51.5517089382428,51.5515926047565,51.5515754826417,51.5515747492293,51.5516018653048,51.5515403223655,51.5514246910462,51.5513016538026,51.5511426745207,51.5509798107253,51.5508407466776,51.5506577485433,51.5504822780107,51.5502860160042,51.5500415662644,51.5494002162494,51.5489471687812,51.5483888097092,51.5479159607412,51.5476532720936,51.5475373257182,51.5471297917545,51.5467959916201,51.5462202215291,51.5459547175176,51.5455487394571,51.5452731830325,51.5450949677948,51.5449594468443,51.5448570063915,51.5445361759699,51.5443199944191,51.5438858670651,51.543643171839,51.5433830406414,51.5433641456641,51.5433943928919,51.5433459200105,51.5433938248803,51.54342976296,51.5434655781213,51.543567637871,51.5435942796078,51.5435857260583,51.5435835758778,51.5435176819932,51.5434877933666,51.5434231185111,51.5434054136777,51.5434030830188,51.5433920575178,51.543388293384,51.5433841403549,51.5433479533334,51.5433244408274,51.5432334429965,51.5432702582601,51.5433401300378,51.5433610878566,51.5432449725203,51.5431999197586,51.5431585826621,51.5431215190115,51.5428995217669,51.5427486114475,51.5426632807869,51.5425389149372,51.5424050718468,51.5423323905582,51.5422743067073,51.5422933469519,51.5425699644614,51.542875988002,51.543029450388,51.5431295499747,51.5432384597119,51.5433805730714,51.543482281238,51.5435408528285,51.5437974824056,51.5440834218525,51.5446277084138,51.5446759539318,51.5446859019606,51.5446748194543,51.5446274495667,51.5445984235971,51.5444187792136,51.5443066848432,51.5442131229897,51.5440552666964,51.5436557305349,51.5433629416213,51.5430153466091,51.5424622839144,51.5417943052892,51.5414316585383,51.5414210922039,51.5413489491524,51.5413301616686,51.5412606178441,51.5412122549228,51.5411459986919,51.5407641859153,51.5400952620416,51.5396406502162,51.5386985898678,51.5381021670933,51.5377629950051,51.5374610342336,51.537000354159,51.5365012712376,51.536461689261,51.5364984079771,51.5364839389614,51.5364241930422,51.5361410226031,51.5359057420806,51.5358699315665,51.535832636001,51.535807752904,51.5357917598727,51.5356034306508,51.5354905017896,51.5354962332053,51.5355062285625,51.5355292247754,51.5355842236424,51.5355910186339,51.5356005687825,51.535619440704,51.5356520794926,51.53569630431,51.5357373057991,51.5357789661458,51.5359910413549,51.5361990898524,51.536311189033,51.5363313058515,51.5363973228883,51.5364522798469,51.5364639848004,51.5364726220063,51.536475208153,51.5364705811898,51.5364568481158,51.5363846508329,51.5363300112305,51.5362697403268,51.5362203855237,51.5360844598843,51.5359141946541,51.5357194643617,51.5355309659607,51.5351702088631,51.5349287428114,51.5349721942493,51.5350821934946,51.5351345260386,51.5351626230721,51.5351766426287,51.5351584640169,51.5351215529389,51.5351109644898,51.5350879861688,51.5350846305599,51.53508475,51.5350427330658,51.5349834837841,51.5348183684188,51.5346053452161,51.5344263309917,51.5343417099112,51.5342014842621,51.534111379385,51.5340886243575,51.5340943623017,51.5341240834398,51.5341565810411,51.534231511038,51.5342892101198,51.5343275546951,51.5344287923958,51.5344472413325,51.5346798750467,51.5350147561677,51.5352868926876,51.5354570608282,51.5355163158341,51.5353000971393,51.5350999526186,51.5349911291906,51.5346348209058,51.5342341649652,51.5340986570764,51.5337896077035,51.5336123764336,51.5333896901134,51.5332472490644,51.533184319631,51.5330789313429,51.5329004480694,51.5331759602014,51.533217819952,51.5329364481649,51.5324614235818,51.5320171892734,51.5315038785739,51.5312264238283,51.5311403164423,51.5310931793254,51.5310309566319,51.5310267502796,51.5310027233735,51.5309576014951,51.5309228259722,51.5308763880332,51.5308396933708,51.5306900094865,51.5306463568904,51.5305691484946,51.5303401924706,51.5302133686034,51.5301425899539,51.530012832619,51.5297916507703,51.5294159031964,51.5288053506811,51.5285993495571,51.5284355603784,51.5283931349778,51.5281229496151,51.5278753479424,51.5275029018534,51.5272966574217,51.5271463903968,51.5268719042175,51.5265106974581,51.5263881740445,51.5262740473562,51.5261562788792,51.5259923965263,51.5257311544497,51.5253312154003,51.5242870510023,51.5243215614823,51.5238561648567,51.5235872371821,51.5234848636576,51.523178026654,51.5230393762271,51.5229687148675,51.5228953812262,51.5225516513875,51.5223782612154,51.5222006849707,51.5221516144073,51.5220121087994,51.522211577314,51.5221140429224,51.5219417677387,51.5218533842309,51.5215430875368,51.5215101211485,51.5216707593097,51.521889291349,51.5219534094813,51.52143206874,51.5210218490146,51.5207573529203,51.520732709297,51.5205555926966,51.5203142409595,51.5200682225799,51.5198144085483,51.5203345123723,51.5206297048976,51.5209930762788,51.5216066505714,51.522071332427,51.5224899387321,51.5234009995934,51.5236011610023,51.5239009112833,51.5238977876547,51.5239248582661,51.5244270805152,51.5245116400303,51.5245929224982,51.5248487393819,51.5252054252957,51.5254157783055,51.5258769777458,51.5262034329531,51.525901464336,51.5258644624482,51.5257890602112,51.5258495749412,51.5259194984586,51.525957840142,51.5261076590166,51.5262323056062,51.5268171190178,51.5270691186054,51.5272392241761,51.527315860425,51.5273534794401,51.5273905049749,51.5274427772794,51.5275469861968,51.5277043438624,51.5291934696191,51.5296666962288,51.529791804561,51.5298599611593,51.529925632397,51.530052004149,51.5304644903141,51.5307861896399,51.5313092723211,51.5318610637422,51.5329823720159,51.5331103529358,51.5332326393672,51.5332832272609,51.5336335361832,51.5337046460427,51.5338917185068,51.5338546259029,51.5340380779415,51.5341255396415,51.5343342208819,51.5346684622614,51.5349443100261,51.5351366516099,51.5352419880216,51.5355028653933,51.535757957992,51.5359928792584,51.5360077103129,51.53629278846,51.536547585459,51.5367792506504,51.5370256270764,51.5371377753176,51.5372206259212,51.537268376108,51.5372552477707,51.5374019664417,51.5375512689248,51.5377319712475,51.5387340321024,51.5397812820491,51.5403762188508,51.5423818982071,51.5439295594757,51.5450646602918,51.5452242173001,51.5466034856726,51.5465763148424,51.5463491005795,51.5462416665468,51.5460798026587,51.5463528035918,51.5464226133087,51.5466530885043,51.5469747981675,51.5473169400257,51.5479343211657,51.5481183974922,51.5481584334948,51.5484299124831,51.5486773644391,51.5494205442454,51.5496735993803,51.5509426119111,51.5510632614157,51.5511443726919,51.5513342385574,51.5515881156974,51.5516648495335,51.5516935094083,51.5517387221728,51.5518121443297,51.5518691034374,51.5519094810005,51.5519761772494,51.5521390365916,51.5521291640443,51.5520671793599,51.552045081412,51.5520416428652,51.5520463198883,51.5521135355357,51.552123599371,51.552139671258,51.5521619864633,51.5522046595902,51.5524276462525,51.5525054074291,51.5525337067124,51.5525731604913,51.552624473652,51.552667374887,51.5527434379591,51.5528230648472,51.5528957959017,51.5529449038628,51.5539478274411,51.5538132629523,51.553740893376,51.5539109911784,51.5539776413106,51.5540297488297,51.554073057624,51.5541386845616,51.5541458693395,51.5541500364071,51.5544232459007,51.5549330388853,51.5553606732959,51.5558024277647,51.5566926589085,51.5576717776451,51.557726031422,51.5577937951991,51.5578228801117,51.5579183398909,51.5583169783591,51.5587745675745,51.5589976264565,51.5592619683654,51.5595602163671,51.5599664337927,51.5600624867305,51.5601601727799,51.5602222340008,51.5602765595341,51.5602964076579,51.5604382972491,51.5604660990289,51.5604791790128,51.5604889605027,51.5605144316368,51.5605523682366,51.5607966644605,51.5608701769909,51.5609645037007,51.561174791702,51.5612268884868,51.560837587887,51.5614851110883,51.5624166797295,51.5624937758785,51.5625177706324,51.5625805817281,51.5626804929847,51.5627295675296,51.5627932069246,51.5631020554571,51.5632349708289,51.5632883981157,51.5643218961093,51.5647057694411,51.5647712809899,51.5648121894692,51.5655668600477,51.5666613838322,51.5671251789482,51.5683806521707,51.5686140726379,51.5704341067433,51.5706540871652,51.5706982279318,51.5708095932288,51.5709864792511,51.5710938053053,51.5713949839167,51.5715052162587,51.5715944757755,51.5718299462591,51.571939523553,51.5729680510944,51.5736166100399,51.5736522020517]}]]],null,null,{"lineCap":null,"lineJoin":null,"clickable":true,"pointerEvents":null,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"#636363","weight":2,"opacity":0.5,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#A0522D","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FFFF00","#A9A9A9","#A0522D","#FFA500","#FF0000","#FFA500","#FF0000"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"dashArray":null,"smoothFactor":1,"noClip":false},["<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Lambeth<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>9210","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Southwark<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>8227","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Lewisham<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>7669","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Greenwich<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>7451","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Wandsworth<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>6046","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Hammersmith and Fulham<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>4996","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Kensington and Chelsea<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>3708","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Westminster<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>9113","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Camden<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>6341","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Tower Hamlets<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>8083","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Islington<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>6615","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Hackney<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>7622"],null,null,null,null]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["darkgrey","yellow","orange","red","sienna"],"labels":[["3708 - 3708"],["3708 - 4996"],["4996 - 6615"],["6615 - 8227"],["8227 - 9210"]],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.8,"position":"bottomright","type":"unknown","title":"Number of violent crimes","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend"}]}],"limits":{"lat":[51.4109910919072,51.5777842818744],"lng":[-0.259113080888369,0.124160769862762]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-de288f1b635aeed84104">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["OpenStreetMap.BlackAndWhite",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-0.128455634947445,-0.128432163388321,-0.128301372654514,-0.128156854308154,-0.12797731179261,-0.127363536973151,-0.12717576338257,-0.126934071360691,-0.126744745580826,-0.126378532706936,-0.125871477636893,-0.125657235544201,-0.125550171273484,-0.1255336372682,-0.125398741957919,-0.125195165768775,-0.125023439786387,-0.124902202125567,-0.124733387560771,-0.124701055725083,-0.124650416489954,-0.124275047094054,-0.124206397783297,-0.124201673693253,-0.124366588080307,-0.124125652094317,-0.12407888998423,-0.124002970980199,-0.123788612190135,-0.123768238482684,-0.123601001161347,-0.123477316281386,-0.123022320593474,-0.122692369352852,-0.122399063697235,-0.122132880100655,-0.121930919718916,-0.121757819790942,-0.121347662750312,-0.121319161122614,-0.121195663971159,-0.121007212872539,-0.120881533371428,-0.120632506801388,-0.120411409539012,-0.120000911599154,-0.119803367688059,-0.119897066540083,-0.119753324891885,-0.119703738975734,-0.119375794170394,-0.119335503196735,-0.119303666830593,-0.119231797813058,-0.119153394301821,-0.119051210234673,-0.118936139309758,-0.118820589630902,-0.118350300596186,-0.118188813670015,-0.11782141713826,-0.117512810994673,-0.117440665261988,-0.117418397908751,-0.116992879752831,-0.117013290058702,-0.116837662754509,-0.116087888653272,-0.115902034512927,-0.115692767931238,-0.115408134799704,-0.114946068097897,-0.114488319095693,-0.113948111681145,-0.113620863574718,-0.113102408981944,-0.112677826373962,-0.111457495390538,-0.111307576802072,-0.11121353396892,-0.111104913908871,-0.110813654614294,-0.110303630729712,-0.110293232526115,-0.109901443323428,-0.109799074858124,-0.10952071732036,-0.109141913845772,-0.108924883868241,-0.108921568267822,-0.10886237549233,-0.108799719202591,-0.108593107544482,-0.108506405348497,-0.108424487434246,-0.108406410812298,-0.108290974950897,-0.108245002506987,-0.108175580065139,-0.107363630164876,-0.106596874979164,-0.106592704003045,-0.106465728355404,-0.106434584829859,-0.106434673905379,-0.106467163087679,-0.106545656312531,-0.106566499178206,-0.106599583456355,-0.106519907059012,-0.106518467116097,-0.106395616843142,-0.10745801285948,-0.106751587115696,-0.10613685599522,-0.106080850925115,-0.106050665746304,-0.106065016598483,-0.106086926292777,-0.106115551072437,-0.105947706082938,-0.105986633675907,-0.106527342844517,-0.106704050046637,-0.106825807325895,-0.107846543368885,-0.108188874403924,-0.10822802224583,-0.108353632044803,-0.109121121078204,-0.109470475554524,-0.10952016608596,-0.109516292974489,-0.11029541411803,-0.110303913665922,-0.110295109091069,-0.111442589512862,-0.110972915771445,-0.110957394970709,-0.11081359340432,-0.11066442329476,-0.110584358238957,-0.1105073955807,-0.109399474041069,-0.107159019799374,-0.105742098371294,-0.105337813426614,-0.104896248847506,-0.104886954160455,-0.104793933162109,-0.104699091394382,-0.104519085271602,-0.104400601497136,-0.10425736181815,-0.104105127695954,-0.103943131118745,-0.103883362891612,-0.103731670897859,-0.10371218810034,-0.103582932172555,-0.103405723630887,-0.103527460263388,-0.10315625592931,-0.103395991081152,-0.103159816116721,-0.103258608574527,-0.103260234612508,-0.10339300874218,-0.103803304252124,-0.10418850124072,-0.104711053563001,-0.105519911267549,-0.108121530597101,-0.108452541587564,-0.108281139575671,-0.108136714556622,-0.107991843755115,-0.107844529680475,-0.106357649718072,-0.106550188188595,-0.106615938990546,-0.106926337015,-0.107222609284364,-0.106823372783598,-0.106328661096587,-0.105663970716248,-0.105635780758837,-0.105904955448762,-0.106043785424585,-0.105634091348254,-0.105421903314004,-0.105326802752964,-0.105280783570095,-0.10515564216261,-0.104898594072733,-0.104623756311086,-0.104640486552907,-0.104621119600515,-0.104046927654568,-0.104086010341361,-0.105006647314523,-0.105557089603563,-0.108085430623045,-0.108178395566074,-0.108214970868019,-0.108237786209294,-0.108245960180632,-0.108219433323344,-0.108068152901533,-0.107854291844197,-0.107203048506367,-0.10555431759098,-0.10362194567469,-0.101511453065508,-0.099997740976233,-0.100111647754198,-0.100169880524097,-0.100337881317932,-0.100591397569127,-0.100682692442977,-0.100654260990389,-0.100619683547777,-0.100573444801043,-0.100368029436796,-0.0997752893702828,-0.0995429098908314,-0.0993751360650362,-0.0992474334474209,-0.0991772221429038,-0.0989171233913251,-0.0971357628188549,-0.0959975000282025,-0.0950698926553567,-0.0947971482659646,-0.0944529229086342,-0.0943231924644651,-0.0942006935322806,-0.0941056830613472,-0.094065184945073,-0.0939992673298241,-0.0937270775084951,-0.0936632491155117,-0.0936237391186136,-0.0934869520590795,-0.0930802884450569,-0.0930310949395317,-0.0930244998512468,-0.0929465616748272,-0.0929288684510765,-0.0928490504994044,-0.0927819718339203,-0.0927401629361927,-0.0927176510412408,-0.0922653723477624,-0.0911462831738996,-0.090136374203225,-0.0900946118561343,-0.0900797108957687,-0.0900711653544129,-0.0900718902215393,-0.0901060546855581,-0.0906671562090707,-0.0909398247524394,-0.0911241995488632,-0.091539165570828,-0.0922118378358392,-0.0923277579504083,-0.0925519020649065,-0.0927585114361575,-0.0928400309874869,-0.0929383112076425,-0.0930942160572327,-0.093650403610643,-0.0941425734491183,-0.0945719628974304,-0.0947296329092198,-0.0948668631366539,-0.0950254124268761,-0.0951226615459069,-0.0951486128456053,-0.0952081568287627,-0.0955036731893316,-0.0956649090738962,-0.0958371617594443,-0.0962014601447046,-0.0965759929453036,-0.0972070722877583,-0.0976021978497242,-0.097848936725316,-0.0985913504025859,-0.0991175250084095,-0.10004487902922,-0.100627648453566,-0.10093841598063,-0.101005807066658,-0.101118639871499,-0.101162717913169,-0.101034847931043,-0.101038816918812,-0.101060647912818,-0.101106088960169,-0.101335188613494,-0.10138748479303,-0.101468839693784,-0.101478955014478,-0.101474537969342,-0.1014571760995,-0.101425356614144,-0.101380517914753,-0.101340314102183,-0.101322660081619,-0.101132041690351,-0.100957917362107,-0.100877831540179,-0.100830922413783,-0.100802263621038,-0.10078923954874,-0.100792576239457,-0.100766310965807,-0.100760984341784,-0.100322240532102,-0.100205144650602,-0.1001476142623,-0.100068808441065,-0.0999931776377308,-0.0999236730201163,-0.0998587817389451,-0.099808683540341,-0.09972346696146,-0.09964555393108,-0.0995648937906818,-0.099427350284342,-0.0994170155869637,-0.0994035088333959,-0.0993447224436567,-0.0993041508536991,-0.0992533625468289,-0.0988920973634439,-0.098451457449247,-0.097958563115656,-0.097429907456029,-0.0961080468773939,-0.0959035206901986,-0.0956977828041644,-0.095251652472972,-0.0951405711764687,-0.0950965917468412,-0.09504008451223,-0.0950250543923147,-0.0950131827949268,-0.095017096373745,-0.0950433085822126,-0.0950375597891429,-0.0950162370568107,-0.0949531018357642,-0.0945074150140546,-0.0941057388709957,-0.0940045637343108,-0.0937990397597614,-0.0936341132154877,-0.0933570520452688,-0.093206695995834,-0.0930026842035505,-0.0928745131757003,-0.0927679966850386,-0.0925404975299914,-0.0922584223039,-0.0920401011941158,-0.0919894908791749,-0.0918980808233454,-0.0918379222241825,-0.0917263598700368,-0.0914889791340815,-0.0911946296091531,-0.0909813439119362,-0.0906654019874723,-0.0905778370374286,-0.0904647872654138,-0.0902254332143741,-0.0900233120684781,-0.0895930476435753,-0.0893087716693844,-0.0888910059982563,-0.0884971370860261,-0.0883196140646263,-0.0882261339818956,-0.0881149531044068,-0.0878738409981819,-0.0876807568947271,-0.0872577249751485,-0.0866133848147125,-0.0861213555364493,-0.0860455025418357,-0.0859971510839545,-0.0859168623493054,-0.0858904875510219,-0.0858687259179832,-0.0858563408143665,-0.0858874372061276,-0.0859453211509348,-0.0860665215240595,-0.0860986896810659,-0.0861005672503296,-0.0860923820133391,-0.0860740588964802,-0.0860401106320127,-0.085991599286027,-0.0859043120813636,-0.0857947484327235,-0.0854381514165939,-0.0852617560662454,-0.0852507817952168,-0.0851727123874748,-0.084955258032014,-0.0846522792419742,-0.0843723902865001,-0.0840788454897497,-0.0838627587636848,-0.0836831665506885,-0.0836317237734448,-0.0836183955943412,-0.0835855386706141,-0.0835369659417258,-0.0835111353768931,-0.0834953204861383,-0.0834766833972043,-0.0834389353396013,-0.0828437769747725,-0.0820318096750869,-0.0817794448168125,-0.0817265621244566,-0.0816945482574275,-0.0811585421920842,-0.0808969591287436,-0.0808519118866049,-0.0803434169897717,-0.0800773684175798,-0.07985629752438,-0.0798288686933545,-0.0796298318661041,-0.0795159189868912,-0.0794651482853821,-0.0789308926627323,-0.0791498725630449,-0.0792617243026313,-0.0792690880220753,-0.0792555060306174,-0.0792228942259612,-0.0791975500004482,-0.0791609333273337,-0.0783067237968765,-0.0783251777099196,-0.0783359550463311,-0.0784042423494057,-0.078445069759069,-0.0784952693731978,-0.0785298723391818,-0.0785598618731803,-0.0785894967354631,-0.0785486445997827,-0.0786747059325303,-0.0791036085662879,-0.0793248690412652,-0.079714667797454,-0.0800921016149498,-0.0802920342861109,-0.0805951500253867,-0.0817429064416849,-0.0823460019433232,-0.0828770290740143,-0.0828871652757861,-0.08333403082541,-0.0838952582914956,-0.0850113927836352,-0.0855390023342146,-0.0858634776856259,-0.0860791812806259,-0.0861853518142108,-0.0864256877898429,-0.0866194683313222,-0.0868266838852326,-0.0869707722655463,-0.0877645474663679,-0.0880109231579662,-0.0881903844331427,-0.0884521347707611,-0.0890476957522391,-0.089367409966179,-0.0895841620288754,-0.0897204354039209,-0.0898148257028126,-0.0899094784705271,-0.0900440021702079,-0.0901972864901477,-0.0908428636510858,-0.0911014421539691,-0.0913948325904475,-0.0917688965447009,-0.0921406961310636,-0.0923077918887945,-0.0927344339409969,-0.0930086314427238,-0.0932064454061299,-0.0934344075584487,-0.0936442451236628,-0.0939189525833113,-0.094101089929529,-0.0943467342977041,-0.0945914646606739,-0.0948395182438721,-0.096186056839888,-0.0969061337633325,-0.0972356501212261,-0.0975128602203416,-0.0978099322460667,-0.0981081429681758,-0.0983887691919363,-0.0988127984673237,-0.100144453835513,-0.100773263613555,-0.104228232419493,-0.10461684949332,-0.105115860798123,-0.105797569041782,-0.105987342138693,-0.106054936793053,-0.106185553873346,-0.106515114513129,-0.107020796152175,-0.107887061591383,-0.108688241856067,-0.109212025319865,-0.109373711327656,-0.109603363937253,-0.109850051863475,-0.109940720234624,-0.11006736105115,-0.110491073122996,-0.110904752155902,-0.111524752597918,-0.112052907389508,-0.112685587274532,-0.112712090229928,-0.112753461548745,-0.113026867288626,-0.113295063982963,-0.113822753528229,-0.113959994177693,-0.1139863536728,-0.114082352918961,-0.114130568866933,-0.11422091797691,-0.114456393427084,-0.114462179902226,-0.114492475674703,-0.114512709840579,-0.114536304609901,-0.114580471321397,-0.114872110404472,-0.114854275239501,-0.115327058368022,-0.115382093072854,-0.115448548071108,-0.115593995642348,-0.115715110187881,-0.115907873400006,-0.116166457416875,-0.1165593400993,-0.116925613497111,-0.117107827643242,-0.117746315730853,-0.117782836813534,-0.117847518559311,-0.118108272496984,-0.118234575721536,-0.118369982236669,-0.118452390539855,-0.11886700734038,-0.119095542682318,-0.119507095318385,-0.119846669759458,-0.120021950576688,-0.120052765641598,-0.120132960667734,-0.12022852331484,-0.120334552709457,-0.120473232186037,-0.12068414144419,-0.120786333369108,-0.120849240293247,-0.120846439536881,-0.120852409603601,-0.120795657396348,-0.120771703578704,-0.12085657424786,-0.120921839203336,-0.120968199161626,-0.121050526563229,-0.121135064743232,-0.121212010969504,-0.121334100018215,-0.1214847848346,-0.121574185327428,-0.121603739486433,-0.121703677571218,-0.121936131330097,-0.12220576489015,-0.122274453288241,-0.122481401069547,-0.122504210656441,-0.122531626304488,-0.122494332177642,-0.122480986764987,-0.122582878602635,-0.122993357363086,-0.123015908816914,-0.123122733020249,-0.123405659797363,-0.123675768415499,-0.12391525674219,-0.124074337571853,-0.124192316842671,-0.124310662835905,-0.124393856913719,-0.124458712119612,-0.124495880228078,-0.124528001079933,-0.124547891912492,-0.124508970919817,-0.124467543652168,-0.124497943846299,-0.124936516733132,-0.124937990621449,-0.125589076176547,-0.125676945612457,-0.125786040177035,-0.126018645265098,-0.126230430141373,-0.126259874516405,-0.126271555097447,-0.126615043153648,-0.127339194090277,-0.127428252325597,-0.127751756082711,-0.127758055147565,-0.127780230341002,-0.127888157980778,-0.127924011565335,-0.132099896662756,-0.132101333755385,-0.132714542131917,-0.133203924326635,-0.133572399927683,-0.133567795818375,-0.133480829893482,-0.13337404632703,-0.133354229133978,-0.133577952551379,-0.133739316321646,-0.133753055402708,-0.133768853713552,-0.133803324465828,-0.133832136691109,-0.133858337511393,-0.133865649467516,-0.133922321275203,-0.134096157977635,-0.134099983365213,-0.134424266121947,-0.134792696669797,-0.13501692543501,-0.135215057072569,-0.135479659249554,-0.13590770747438,-0.136652228681157,-0.137542801528669,-0.13810202345136,-0.138273062866413,-0.138524360690671,-0.138673466401289,-0.139375872491717,-0.13940856083909,-0.139550140177419,-0.140016182868894,-0.141209586053554,-0.142046367516001,-0.142582260404961,-0.142675492012331,-0.143029852879177,-0.144235592020628,-0.144402806774704,-0.144485449703617,-0.144575314497773,-0.144623084731567,-0.144806470399126,-0.144832447448117,-0.144869994100105,-0.145170023528612,-0.145506343956206,-0.145823982018076,-0.146804383532772,-0.147530627349595,-0.148090403757366,-0.147891820766353,-0.147611998350463,-0.147568614011584,-0.147329625308052,-0.147083375858757,-0.146865080820767,-0.146684239992983,-0.146407801831631,-0.146141058478898,-0.146139621310394,-0.145676568197194,-0.145185020261458,-0.144347519788092,-0.144351685814041,-0.14466754172554,-0.145009452488029,-0.144916361334944,-0.1437336431634,-0.143048790040508,-0.143260352866332,-0.141598529051137,-0.140405494752076,-0.139509898827732,-0.139046762255499,-0.138519110930354,-0.138171703589366,-0.137851931036043,-0.138302061314228,-0.138516606450055,-0.138530592292179,-0.138825117852714,-0.138866506581606,-0.138922158756224,-0.138932923226227,-0.138926413757535,-0.138871916501968,-0.138764492707366,-0.138541377515274,-0.138489413983481,-0.138437233308592,-0.138411108755534,-0.138394222797694,-0.138364627100931,-0.138385737843622,-0.138382463270683,-0.138382390212501,-0.138387045012409,-0.138398535918847,-0.137711865188074,-0.137223228720877,-0.136707716433853,-0.135930953451802,-0.135495550897682,-0.13537942978969,-0.135332096812983,-0.135264182248907,-0.135364988199971,-0.135594044813573,-0.135869692057119,-0.136150255057233,-0.136455597568822,-0.136522574237384,-0.13668618801318,-0.136931901315918,-0.137598979853489,-0.137857583541824,-0.138228777521511,-0.139110238463698,-0.139489628323096,-0.139648099374187,-0.139697625222881,-0.139759061017731,-0.139805082744063,-0.139877384990536,-0.139972939086074,-0.139912604839843,-0.139737149598729,-0.139381248135705,-0.139325293548115,-0.139119203996465,-0.138981959773895,-0.138508993160534,-0.138306848405831,-0.138003196962673,-0.137815477505515,-0.13768372603967,-0.13750418086666,-0.137401295266007,-0.137383478701173,-0.137381492348265,-0.137303354429347,-0.137259898657787,-0.13725980095914,-0.137301879418514,-0.137286305256631,-0.13747598205927,-0.137487863544698,-0.13751834113913,-0.137497636786352,-0.137477224864496,-0.137433244803409,-0.137371898974046,-0.137048586543168,-0.137047038864715,-0.137011418628809,-0.136807525528614,-0.136688365263256,-0.136424240542724,-0.136104211428924,-0.135941865685118,-0.135904030302223,-0.13598006283615,-0.136023276867431,-0.136395509492335,-0.136416885660881,-0.136751142692421,-0.137351542017351,-0.137370345974172,-0.137885144957469,-0.13904175197888,-0.140804329352142,-0.141615520990297,-0.142358688306549,-0.142768671607667,-0.143271215544749,-0.143620746018612,-0.143823619507832,-0.144003546047174,-0.144337834134178,-0.144467146896157,-0.144594185015967,-0.14474971375206,-0.144854929024878,-0.145146059783223,-0.145406958130769,-0.145603491085663,-0.145687979027091,-0.145696480678902,-0.145678603887794,-0.145589219755579,-0.145586470909457,-0.145566209467677,-0.145440413773798,-0.145283375391459,-0.145174942972024,-0.144937083514845,-0.144795221274943,-0.144647607053157,-0.144068747593553,-0.14361726891556,-0.143360173809905,-0.143073614191755,-0.142953301005233,-0.142820933837657,-0.142583743483739,-0.142443739774792,-0.14237261191223,-0.142327935919123,-0.142322636054121,-0.143147423439467,-0.143612289191087,-0.143768645666085,-0.144621475243336,-0.146569772482711,-0.147359944859507,-0.147729989815446,-0.147378014758044,-0.147631060829538,-0.147651125425807,-0.147780674414259,-0.147958023813109,-0.148001656770303,-0.1479699417333,-0.147976942510853,-0.148080133856551,-0.148153901906247,-0.148333429116793,-0.148340791231727,-0.148365722793896,-0.148664622769225,-0.14896436596369,-0.149217219484626,-0.14929908852732,-0.149390467703309,-0.149671310636056,-0.149693477708396,-0.149702639551016,-0.149785293435531,-0.149930470525412,-0.150054847132415,-0.150384793337291,-0.150462437872661,-0.150535730391458,-0.150660554465939,-0.150731777235593,-0.150793133141798,-0.150967264984522,-0.150982575894671,-0.150991820536176,-0.151231440776376,-0.150470385432594,-0.150565707922629,-0.150641475648971,-0.150643219361426,-0.150618707584456,-0.15034529735977,-0.149429105499227,-0.147298420822349,-0.146114549751295,-0.143240731508532,-0.143100405044462,-0.142676865558519,-0.141583978595376,-0.141495707066829,-0.141784401177271,-0.140981336509298,-0.140342638428323,-0.139866906594007,-0.139741292312205,-0.139316231136524,-0.139455972006275,-0.139578566067387,-0.13959971183484,-0.139502107721296,-0.139448975615883,-0.139270423241419,-0.139209474594352,-0.139159732313647,-0.139066285214347,-0.138746615389697,-0.138726920290969,-0.138678677816737,-0.138516013519783,-0.138349190603968,-0.138042859248309,-0.137849022389014,-0.137492551566589,-0.136918036893619,-0.136660960608793,-0.136492601886568,-0.136388350136404,-0.136374363044888,-0.136358900340684,-0.136343401018312,-0.136327901701608,-0.136310963396635,-0.136293988472524,-0.13627557456055,-0.136258599647836,-0.136080091248305,-0.135909923757828,-0.135787169730419,-0.135704414379685,-0.135596573204696,-0.135348765997193,-0.135238908700959,-0.135071693474869,-0.134798788605454,-0.134747570687607,-0.134721998398648,-0.134557768238402,-0.134486349288335,-0.134494241129245,-0.134502032056657,-0.13453725629124,-0.134479218523145,-0.134449154728915,-0.134461785208729,-0.134533929325043,-0.134706485337658,-0.135230572700357,-0.134872832032163,-0.134857818342357,-0.134952915412768,-0.134710816358809,-0.134527853658549,-0.134520328388082,-0.134244027297499,-0.134111659568437,-0.134057228864073,-0.133980314972322,-0.133883428269518,-0.133883435069424,-0.133833679708412,-0.133646005365873,-0.133319289629018,-0.13309478670857,-0.132632231914222,-0.132275060519122,-0.13210720693736,-0.132061425051187,-0.131992638614136,-0.131989613404247,-0.131988174234073,-0.131969545631798,-0.131877099887468,-0.131829554833591,-0.131736233738392,-0.131611697163077,-0.131544406160754,-0.131412327669543,-0.131344882250843,-0.131168547730105,-0.130985059354685,-0.130853681715717,-0.130661757702418,-0.130644934085059,-0.130583341377803,-0.130567883443736,-0.130441377616564,-0.13037057894711,-0.130352830338586,-0.130348292115677,-0.130311392382061,-0.130219991155674,-0.130188995280464,-0.129947544105655,-0.129459037650374,-0.129168138126041,-0.128635486439486,-0.127989872366079,-0.127496477292734,-0.127405731835023,-0.127279859397038,-0.127161070390208,-0.127049050673229,-0.1268735114221,-0.12636370163664,-0.126531888111467,-0.127052352814204,-0.127727240296149,-0.128035930845084,-0.128171746425765,-0.128368339650401,-0.128455634947445],"lat":[51.4850487577115,51.4850591741619,51.4851227322577,51.48520495545,51.4852983096526,51.4855843646141,51.4857027653205,51.4858715620724,51.4859926350706,51.4862826394758,51.4866351382742,51.4868016733688,51.486918663779,51.4869354853446,51.4870286500733,51.4872511087148,51.48746958,51.4876510896298,51.4878336368096,51.4878493063642,51.4878547913119,51.4877705522877,51.4878288050618,51.4878386213096,51.4879617595473,51.4882519622316,51.4883384419964,51.4885035898172,51.489163811181,51.489203951719,51.4894179964762,51.4895886744116,51.4902153678943,51.490743344872,51.4912907920471,51.4919142102888,51.4924469323997,51.4930133888558,51.4943700902219,51.4944676524683,51.4949135031617,51.4957476905483,51.4961413490885,51.4973621441001,51.4986391398795,51.5008771001186,51.5016859601867,51.5017549064445,51.5023766846624,51.5023911769912,51.5038472071491,51.5039508745622,51.5040591738124,51.5042648497906,51.5044542343481,51.5046612225422,51.5048662054434,51.5050477999406,51.5057254872634,51.505902747095,51.5062511576633,51.5065015927944,51.5064689608539,51.5064847899986,51.5067747127528,51.5068388875009,51.5069394818541,51.5072997317538,51.507368686544,51.5074462574311,51.5075343072176,51.5076617695407,51.5077892994698,51.5079244941545,51.5079974662463,51.5080943389869,51.5081513543758,51.5083547254226,51.5083559082741,51.5083301139095,51.5082735100342,51.5081033558958,51.5081356057504,51.5082127741263,51.5082433302168,51.5082794491234,51.5083199253306,51.5083848598956,51.5084407114991,51.5084163781536,51.508071009038,51.5077049011519,51.5077528268325,51.5077586225888,51.5074749352899,51.5074242854496,51.5071148782822,51.5070071253768,51.5069088859945,51.5070639465731,51.5052944250877,51.5052907607269,51.5049820645071,51.5048295874517,51.504688405735,51.5044955903041,51.5043053161161,51.5042543950409,51.5040472010799,51.5036403503096,51.5036403270612,51.5033712645254,51.503012524634,51.5022223669249,51.5025226847534,51.5024138695951,51.5022730981663,51.5022049864567,51.5021630752432,51.5021329627974,51.5020457220739,51.502010380516,51.5015838717798,51.5016658592178,51.5015787984448,51.5007985308127,51.5005342767682,51.5004935424916,51.5003480906476,51.4991060054832,51.498497445846,51.4983759480334,51.4983650945218,51.4968749944281,51.4968436574153,51.496777869821,51.4964474432471,51.4955765923826,51.4954990063073,51.4954229507544,51.4954070587184,51.4953922799127,51.4953721554995,51.4949559282866,51.4941626120676,51.4936954996991,51.4936134308592,51.4935271611335,51.4935081265191,51.4933195776455,51.4930707490032,51.4929302531488,51.4927305012599,51.4925024720469,51.4922482187509,51.4919515422729,51.4919685610311,51.4920137688372,51.4919972671453,51.4918836689267,51.4917800861051,51.4916930284119,51.4914739004137,51.4913204078911,51.4911799006381,51.4910556025052,51.4910511325159,51.490871629915,51.4904610094687,51.4900301981615,51.4895521465094,51.4887693736197,51.4861549680086,51.4858482654888,51.4857438842786,51.4856489306401,51.4855647607247,51.4855048311731,51.4848900160455,51.4846925905776,51.4845308864821,51.4840610895701,51.4836540119241,51.483521670582,51.4832951623668,51.482965189098,51.4829503455346,51.4827802376843,51.4826970505754,51.4824350428954,51.4822032028865,51.4821000499927,51.4820984071315,51.4820945864213,51.4818332441989,51.4815842034551,51.4814585776044,51.4814393801073,51.4809076275622,51.4809028639439,51.4807900513685,51.4807135162815,51.480415317648,51.480396134646,51.4803823366114,51.4803530291657,51.4802947092123,51.4802744975379,51.4802064107969,51.4801193288296,51.4798480327598,51.479146961825,51.4783414624043,51.4775267518895,51.4768727506239,51.4767307147164,51.4766462285461,51.4762766567624,51.4747843944652,51.4744585425299,51.4743456743893,51.4742767704482,51.4742112746263,51.473991224903,51.4734240782876,51.4730561112497,51.4726235449547,51.4722662666638,51.4721886912187,51.471933580318,51.4706924786734,51.469880850578,51.470200308365,51.4703532474712,51.4705284050227,51.4706009352195,51.4706726835596,51.4707412815706,51.4707801907646,51.4708762394752,51.4716029141915,51.4717178811781,51.4717675974287,51.4719056580878,51.4721274572327,51.4720295368535,51.4720150413975,51.4709490476284,51.47075182146,51.4701453197711,51.4699239094002,51.4698216126626,51.4697744848178,51.4690881834427,51.4676131634509,51.4663179646841,51.4662147683868,51.4661578720751,51.4660866910871,51.4660003736482,51.4657338490899,51.4632942948095,51.4628320175052,51.4625535502386,51.4619928708741,51.4611207425392,51.4610336017781,51.4608367131138,51.4607150768916,51.4606588502011,51.460580414515,51.4604318742517,51.4600047769236,51.4595937222896,51.459169055564,51.4590124484711,51.4588627031173,51.4586503555875,51.4584927661555,51.4584572172859,51.4583754525244,51.4578811624385,51.457604110722,51.4574081714419,51.4571631935137,51.4568797123064,51.4564151459301,51.4561553765739,51.4560370804857,51.4556984115118,51.4554020942286,51.454768758596,51.4543915188628,51.4541519539034,51.4540541266138,51.4538671090198,51.453776098121,51.4532155842652,51.4530852553517,51.4530100708503,51.4529208805709,51.4526026550121,51.4525216690228,51.4523647162235,51.4522596662065,51.4521579778885,51.4520560799239,51.451955746333,51.4518570003999,51.4517853074248,51.4517598421106,51.4515670099667,51.4513582579496,51.4512418547966,51.451158362574,51.4510859571719,51.4510183013821,51.450660448433,51.4503569709723,51.4503119214777,51.450306610881,51.4503191014799,51.4503181691149,51.4503096977922,51.4502940837651,51.4502695763461,51.4502379495516,51.4501966706075,51.4500999672569,51.450000684447,51.4498635879537,51.4495367236917,51.4494043642998,51.4493483909325,51.449204454791,51.4491417477348,51.4490824720616,51.4487366918479,51.4484309890868,51.4481361272053,51.4477669430884,51.4467463982053,51.4465083680161,51.4462649221739,51.4457118198803,51.4455454493195,51.4454611029744,51.4452974176793,51.445209045427,51.4450793582976,51.4448815835292,51.4447012571748,51.4446319203185,51.4445218634237,51.4443445813597,51.4434012018594,51.4428182423082,51.4426907000246,51.4424427576938,51.4422566253173,51.441964353945,51.4417739616028,51.4414208282636,51.4410779211494,51.4408369832835,51.440322498223,51.4395984946164,51.4391057401892,51.4389736234664,51.4388192601623,51.4387436417222,51.4386240216039,51.4383126075818,51.4378491885237,51.4374086713512,51.4366697234783,51.436457868583,51.4360981186371,51.4351445928934,51.4343679295929,51.4327836023129,51.4318041623016,51.4305419732414,51.4297073244399,51.4294454398531,51.4293413985321,51.4292478596134,51.4290964462825,51.4290006714468,51.4288651731174,51.4287242620282,51.4285876331423,51.4285783010699,51.4285649217199,51.4285240427242,51.4285011302757,51.4284710990119,51.4284232355052,51.4282987450126,51.4281872817401,51.4280408816589,51.4279595735069,51.4279146407323,51.4278695436353,51.4278260795251,51.4277778639078,51.4277339068011,51.4276884171499,51.4276596497162,51.4274838633296,51.4273676738437,51.4273549047939,51.4272610046567,51.4269570959407,51.4265312871155,51.4261382285314,51.4257278598775,51.425391597638,51.4250082704014,51.4247250586757,51.424527900738,51.4241442746833,51.423689349313,51.4234128511613,51.4231032437949,51.4229986237489,51.4230069991578,51.4231366518318,51.423325702512,51.4233755284858,51.4233674687778,51.423307592975,51.422333901801,51.4218485092207,51.4218594620816,51.4219806291575,51.422048212711,51.4221408128698,51.422108889023,51.4218817095502,51.4217512473026,51.4216928620287,51.4215707978361,51.4211850029972,51.4209871981437,51.4209144779208,51.4208953706468,51.4208498726442,51.4208368674811,51.4208182819367,51.4206091367607,51.4205806626913,51.4205637532652,51.4204101984003,51.4202597903478,51.4200573782445,51.420021075479,51.4199918912313,51.4198682777411,51.4198478240153,51.4198256104374,51.4197499082287,51.4197211608369,51.4196861819843,51.419671682498,51.4196713605462,51.4196799223661,51.4197481742434,51.4197715331573,51.4197298618904,51.4197282291599,51.4196698914764,51.4195594657099,51.4193519919254,51.4192886703076,51.4192678915146,51.4192687165465,51.4192749467124,51.4193058492556,51.4193494802811,51.4194158120492,51.4194784152104,51.4197575533628,51.4198506007776,51.4199272685405,51.420065529292,51.420545559611,51.4208115603489,51.4209598761326,51.4210376360312,51.4210850372478,51.4211261477802,51.4211769007031,51.4212261606466,51.4214731866372,51.4215844115972,51.4217231809704,51.421928010508,51.422221829573,51.4223540442694,51.422539942557,51.4226217415385,51.4226726213016,51.4227248904408,51.4227633752941,51.4227984184579,51.4228112724646,51.4228188639414,51.4228138502851,51.4227980989184,51.4227579305446,51.4226671088118,51.4226292941751,51.4226041185673,51.4225855595488,51.422574212401,51.4225706725929,51.4225775518623,51.4225838585307,51.4225778632731,51.4226463898669,51.4226400855572,51.4226076875728,51.4225746433085,51.4225768110216,51.4225770040978,51.4225836111212,51.4226141154387,51.4226987218233,51.4228637870699,51.4230376875179,51.4231369647667,51.4231575584492,51.4231693562639,51.4231517525668,51.4231505169796,51.4231489621376,51.4231288159753,51.4231426786923,51.423176051407,51.4232043442993,51.4232442099705,51.4232293492234,51.4231328946608,51.4229205737274,51.4227648220829,51.4224549754291,51.4223007117185,51.4222543740592,51.422088655338,51.4220354752156,51.4219371104349,51.4216675221162,51.4216667159443,51.4216645055471,51.4216621332733,51.4216130532139,51.4215184415167,51.4212470580776,51.4212260880766,51.4209216464197,51.4208424967178,51.4208004005461,51.4206561588383,51.4205789707076,51.4204732585149,51.4203757981507,51.4202652080192,51.4201371029822,51.4200779811802,51.4198004721269,51.4198217417871,51.4197877091859,51.4196372227168,51.4195736043176,51.419498441479,51.4194530026887,51.4192681147202,51.4191665685698,51.4189861255109,51.418807224121,51.4185663348533,51.4183060419938,51.4181742369857,51.4180183982268,51.417782692576,51.4175574023829,51.4172541348773,51.4171469623422,51.4170859216599,51.4170840782194,51.417078778348,51.4170598830309,51.4170478084746,51.4169772280457,51.4169989576234,51.4169556368919,51.4168769221515,51.4167793582069,51.4166564930403,51.4165199632218,51.4163524173237,51.4162414420099,51.4161870604671,51.4159944207241,51.415796710426,51.4155690203542,51.4155071722849,51.4153000595878,51.4152698499561,51.41523251998,51.4151950526,51.4150293738062,51.4150346031968,51.415054667235,51.4150307482344,51.4149155544793,51.4147141532915,51.4146501339335,51.4146314863526,51.4146097526906,51.4143976157874,51.4141764919724,51.41400606363,51.4140026052504,51.4138323394991,51.4136799782852,51.4135804780504,51.4134773388324,51.4133651668259,51.4133602577449,51.4132908380406,51.4132899623564,51.4129118948266,51.4127676190805,51.4126317761136,51.4127811769892,51.412912259178,51.4129307152793,51.4129264057043,51.412790712285,51.4125244128204,51.4124916637775,51.4123169792889,51.4123035909315,51.4122535862989,51.4120053145048,51.4120076857862,51.4122928405978,51.4122928635033,51.4123484982471,51.4124785949235,51.4125761889936,51.4125833097904,51.4127060233369,51.4128562983937,51.412883859972,51.4129341850279,51.4126795649368,51.4126599998906,51.4126251801244,51.4125555863539,51.412413061974,51.4121580878294,51.4120844645017,51.4118227814186,51.4110144119031,51.4109910919072,51.4110789870809,51.4111774759309,51.411215216618,51.4112228658529,51.4112225796702,51.4113049274575,51.4114552545982,51.4116564584921,51.4118020328185,51.4118748927676,51.411954422904,51.4120008551819,51.4121972577334,51.4122067693592,51.4122261030754,51.4123647933105,51.4127587212662,51.4131173079436,51.4133425253229,51.4133484992498,51.4131562766313,51.4125719695787,51.4124909857635,51.4124743089969,51.4124568472468,51.4124135396053,51.4123948604578,51.4123925738868,51.4123886719263,51.4125435980305,51.4125480212824,51.4125521479851,51.4125604612692,51.4127374077934,51.412870353219,51.4130515640621,51.4133214168798,51.4133629965224,51.413583135342,51.4138049574099,51.4139399924233,51.4140378502685,51.414188151693,51.4143475984679,51.4143475757339,51.4146316113884,51.41490889941,51.4153479712016,51.4153516342208,51.4155778538641,51.415799988714,51.4158614636728,51.4166565702113,51.4171250284305,51.4172632699317,51.4184158648187,51.4192494429033,51.4198764040928,51.4201954838109,51.4205800825663,51.4208470411073,51.4211063443373,51.4220280464566,51.4226240688383,51.4226692541406,51.4236334455354,51.4238184517378,51.4245729179728,51.4247682289893,51.4252825040799,51.4260927738902,51.4268248665218,51.4279966596388,51.4283195689062,51.4287539832496,51.4290782021023,51.4295644349164,51.4299740285207,51.4303394643492,51.4304554171828,51.4304572145471,51.4304842663487,51.4305554905799,51.4304960222205,51.4304486899236,51.4303901371859,51.4303175356987,51.4302701435183,51.4302602028985,51.4302567521039,51.4303348067567,51.4306502531583,51.4312078426559,51.431964010353,51.4328470514101,51.4338285051506,51.4339149998816,51.4339247950402,51.4339322979041,51.4338026142022,51.4337761479896,51.434059017179,51.4348140063573,51.4351788343334,51.4353153395706,51.4354420222166,51.4356651148318,51.4358780709077,51.4362587066309,51.4368816125406,51.4370209398735,51.4373023220141,51.4375628545124,51.4375943397148,51.4377088713204,51.4377579502959,51.4379248968475,51.4380484822979,51.4382621796591,51.4384201653471,51.4385817377412,51.4388216855846,51.439087131363,51.4393836044642,51.4393970618189,51.4396907778392,51.4397332518185,51.4397710192357,51.4397977664805,51.4398622657969,51.4400100608375,51.4400363281984,51.4401006599993,51.4401497903873,51.4401917313293,51.4402117155133,51.4403402343295,51.4402586591892,51.4402613323754,51.440252672908,51.4405956477395,51.4407304413194,51.4411390033521,51.4415421795707,51.4417832977705,51.4420057128362,51.4420114182251,51.4420103068787,51.4419155081129,51.4418852730829,51.441804257623,51.4417247727867,51.4417223738009,51.441695481668,51.4417030582683,51.4417418183878,51.44175108461,51.441770058346,51.44177295777,51.4417998034283,51.4418386119693,51.4423004472909,51.4426540076805,51.4432465168195,51.4434643861824,51.4437029023606,51.4439130929894,51.4440865167669,51.4444661150691,51.4449171750586,51.4453941939943,51.4458307720598,51.4458695746963,51.4458845793221,51.4459596024076,51.4459919322604,51.4463144458458,51.4468619031975,51.447327932746,51.4476598422747,51.4482378991606,51.4485423015284,51.4487045297469,51.4490316896301,51.4493051098527,51.4495051701131,51.4497928904889,51.4499204779466,51.4500613632054,51.450338174146,51.4505607705653,51.4507529841874,51.4509671991546,51.4509913951646,51.4510952874546,51.4511664971551,51.4512148352395,51.4514792291836,51.4520235250046,51.4522365497011,51.4523395169742,51.4529634359405,51.4529701323652,51.4529722479201,51.4538609633168,51.4547423402576,51.4548734219547,51.4549457608176,51.4551284207594,51.455957368058,51.4564108599432,51.4572032437787,51.457305875415,51.4573656201852,51.4579116936398,51.4584370966412,51.4588763291392,51.459094342527,51.4593619651056,51.4612449456535,51.4613019486817,51.4613245746962,51.461487745348,51.4617067572417,51.4618705860711,51.4622552781671,51.4623644138719,51.4624743801249,51.4626984655116,51.4628596566012,51.4630512667326,51.4638363661604,51.463956208716,51.4642261313913,51.465884541388,51.4659777511042,51.4663263676108,51.4672654866954,51.4674004025778,51.4676149380845,51.4676825655692,51.4680152209962,51.4688637417347,51.4693342238085,51.4704676732921,51.4705194063444,51.4700639688947,51.4706320672454,51.4706783286697,51.4709086177792,51.4712888626441,51.4715925745952,51.4713233444947,51.4713672136523,51.47151604026,51.4716558440552,51.4717216365707,51.4717327631732,51.4717959609037,51.4717924200242,51.4718633255806,51.4718749479057,51.471858871102,51.4718906604699,51.4719970941558,51.4719149491591,51.4718620264395,51.4718963135554,51.4719620083984,51.4721298014106,51.4722930855262,51.4725958685407,51.4730903246869,51.4729324666137,51.4728236786356,51.472767167003,51.4727570528616,51.4727478145209,51.4727394748528,51.4727311351827,51.4727227726377,51.4727153087648,51.4727078220162,51.4727003581383,51.4726993190309,51.472705606314,51.4727144457262,51.4727311150603,51.4727626728109,51.4728720384854,51.4729530229722,51.4730987408068,51.473329105807,51.4733139029167,51.4733054027896,51.4734484696174,51.4736460690835,51.473770292086,51.4737910989492,51.4738806857966,51.4738914527356,51.4739224483874,51.4739658136733,51.4739975362445,51.4740740205498,51.4742873873899,51.4746557880718,51.4746708366094,51.4747047225399,51.4749562602447,51.4748877037151,51.4748956772974,51.4751736475882,51.4752767542519,51.4755519598381,51.4756370644433,51.4756822838344,51.4758585382347,51.4759485712626,51.4762423387938,51.4766966579858,51.4770105212182,51.4776524187271,51.4781467165327,51.4783778493797,51.4784409672619,51.4784326773803,51.4784362262108,51.4784362032831,51.4784691789933,51.4786169827365,51.4787232367463,51.4789276795852,51.4791559048763,51.4792519523079,51.4794180085172,51.4794825794014,51.4796038664784,51.479759211006,51.4799432628917,51.4801991891607,51.4802232008734,51.4802150248665,51.4802408568541,51.4804465681056,51.4805578463004,51.480569253634,51.4805745768103,51.4805964698483,51.4806480685198,51.4806664586374,51.4811823782946,51.4813652287741,51.48147029713,51.4816407495308,51.4818615530206,51.4820227351864,51.4824097648112,51.4828807634482,51.4833545728354,51.4836279560563,51.4838697497978,51.4844659051229,51.4845090588933,51.4846019032901,51.4847223902695,51.4847462030356,51.484735781553,51.4849646328526,51.4850487577115]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.108924883868241,-0.108894269735679,-0.108847580077174,-0.108416904920587,-0.108017178666722,-0.107833206420274,-0.107808537267913,-0.10767567608851,-0.107574125383989,-0.107468104351737,-0.107277973872567,-0.106989320644951,-0.106937439786594,-0.106397104252605,-0.105833689961095,-0.105036457774036,-0.104702205726018,-0.104801056010178,-0.104734318180435,-0.104709133781234,-0.104140283183395,-0.104139149247433,-0.104082336569763,-0.103881641066779,-0.10331413829883,-0.102885907117428,-0.101511458427887,-0.0999529210181413,-0.0998470453163452,-0.0991075498695526,-0.0982274508495596,-0.096666006711308,-0.0960880298077279,-0.0958513904326843,-0.0958341257573212,-0.0955439411965939,-0.0951370413950688,-0.0950840801133748,-0.0951027321195401,-0.0947654987933977,-0.0946357644322794,-0.0945146706837239,-0.0942914670883751,-0.0934364680660061,-0.0928587604725235,-0.0920135693305049,-0.0920627532517626,-0.0919169950484884,-0.0918742092612161,-0.0915691692447875,-0.0915972679395417,-0.0910206869347411,-0.0909486225145941,-0.0903720438158509,-0.0903668481519349,-0.0903947102916085,-0.0904423699856017,-0.0904112660273967,-0.0903508977654027,-0.0902774809255495,-0.0902234594080765,-0.0901611475799723,-0.0895714732167299,-0.0881776029004634,-0.0881257995057577,-0.0880524333155159,-0.0878262360886095,-0.0877884294327518,-0.0874760836377062,-0.0870307667799352,-0.0867772374041851,-0.0867711289619036,-0.0867552319851851,-0.0864797081035306,-0.0862721856903547,-0.0855700602577835,-0.084665956898028,-0.0844651840767512,-0.0837548514907782,-0.0835922813769113,-0.083496441875686,-0.083225027862722,-0.0830670421540706,-0.0825249022135211,-0.0817663061992942,-0.0814571920278087,-0.0810639873388767,-0.0809681067395115,-0.0801787800328016,-0.0799448469783681,-0.0796444113828586,-0.0793672810576449,-0.0792014988566701,-0.0780042061793385,-0.077682972358831,-0.077732908698923,-0.0776923601639343,-0.0767961605426609,-0.0765424231803539,-0.0759700761174213,-0.0758964863195631,-0.0755130817479243,-0.0753251317037996,-0.075155104819539,-0.0743446852371163,-0.0741113413091058,-0.0735620878863626,-0.0730220459212559,-0.0729044288323569,-0.0728458466465828,-0.0726152741963103,-0.0719816520565024,-0.0718705872261429,-0.0716205809917952,-0.0708602010213442,-0.0716278677748496,-0.0719098610644109,-0.0720678054345285,-0.0722192220129915,-0.0723278572899559,-0.0724491852992149,-0.0731586920211186,-0.0734243035997624,-0.0736525918781122,-0.0736794938178409,-0.073540362371588,-0.0733552686845405,-0.0723950055819223,-0.072136550592677,-0.0720055969212796,-0.0718370140111797,-0.0717160999329131,-0.0712005756471161,-0.0708183514506304,-0.0698116398374846,-0.0697390741871995,-0.0695044181965448,-0.0693830556279111,-0.068998130689135,-0.0676047885989576,-0.0676340888990937,-0.067381975046876,-0.0672553159328218,-0.0649321109517321,-0.0649906439804338,-0.0648800511401162,-0.0647889864831422,-0.0638078830763874,-0.0637968822658085,-0.0633312977150162,-0.0632943802170419,-0.0624798025226181,-0.0619613171571533,-0.0616110612789007,-0.0606961416804167,-0.0606603937053945,-0.0602793774910435,-0.0602698050123019,-0.0596856512608642,-0.0594048118582146,-0.0592301366827519,-0.0592011877602706,-0.0589637606343534,-0.0584733731930514,-0.0576625439444893,-0.0573303168854261,-0.0571493464931778,-0.0564339232697607,-0.0564324452181619,-0.056320049785904,-0.0562509397442944,-0.0561737117745469,-0.0561323262150531,-0.0561829478117725,-0.0559462168065337,-0.05591280836531,-0.0550571599820841,-0.0549724154297804,-0.0545238911249605,-0.0545396765768685,-0.0540673978334703,-0.0539652689636337,-0.0539085408141657,-0.0538565150163539,-0.0538234368951691,-0.0537877005932667,-0.0536861459388802,-0.0536952525234609,-0.0533871566191793,-0.0531481494193446,-0.0527816303459077,-0.0522854143207218,-0.0521377722539463,-0.0511569824482229,-0.0511555425806014,-0.0507703001537005,-0.0505065626444662,-0.0502216468780486,-0.0497061031922482,-0.0494389792440179,-0.0488765213400374,-0.0491175651972609,-0.04860539984544,-0.0481189373870965,-0.048035615003083,-0.0479858329892008,-0.047974774559284,-0.0479512562111407,-0.0479164490551618,-0.0478256580841939,-0.047770192278537,-0.0477801172596528,-0.0478256748927183,-0.0479793793036657,-0.0479952180026774,-0.0479810871121204,-0.0479655741098124,-0.0479173841201068,-0.0474876659055679,-0.0475468942732592,-0.0470406429701836,-0.0469641923087415,-0.0467220195211332,-0.0466624799750078,-0.0464466191421546,-0.0461551449407998,-0.0460239534321381,-0.0460149293546273,-0.0462618804127669,-0.0461729849670924,-0.0463728245330359,-0.0455973924773755,-0.0453089511671508,-0.0450493424274001,-0.045113273068998,-0.0451937125505101,-0.0444130275032273,-0.0442500935337531,-0.0439089396566766,-0.0433759564483341,-0.0430198450497262,-0.0410591516179163,-0.0404561487403824,-0.0401622328451109,-0.0398699112655222,-0.0392561470262364,-0.038659277986631,-0.0383966063159048,-0.0372439307563309,-0.0370588940128137,-0.0370375148784212,-0.0370419011593665,-0.0369632422909031,-0.0368815876098637,-0.0367810800827219,-0.0366097102034381,-0.0362561572213708,-0.0358541378335716,-0.0356491760385551,-0.035016386069043,-0.0346667052204087,-0.0343547751882994,-0.0338965165659108,-0.0337358732382559,-0.0335740834095758,-0.0334393223007222,-0.0333994985359632,-0.0333683144992818,-0.0333409307648381,-0.0332532328686868,-0.0330885203786507,-0.0328620466336809,-0.0330370730205787,-0.0330005092398638,-0.0328428156860284,-0.0328296084249224,-0.0328221608223436,-0.0329712451688139,-0.0329735590843252,-0.0327249977149844,-0.0325094845649951,-0.0324007874491513,-0.0323543158817234,-0.0324273795439972,-0.0323710071438988,-0.0323736705667193,-0.0323983581235057,-0.0323670531354539,-0.032390339328656,-0.032318285605414,-0.032326754771516,-0.0323772197492056,-0.0323205786295061,-0.0322879972384056,-0.0322459329976404,-0.0322375065395526,-0.0322391484084724,-0.0322617066796678,-0.0323110638345718,-0.0323171948751147,-0.0323595396665861,-0.0326165925738282,-0.032774533501946,-0.0326163342097975,-0.0324791249788296,-0.032615693289219,-0.0328467806154559,-0.0329182363514938,-0.0328831726333417,-0.0329684845049852,-0.0326565405708577,-0.0325454346084431,-0.0325796298087926,-0.0326562322974322,-0.0327308533268769,-0.0328980366216175,-0.0329258539819287,-0.0329326184207869,-0.0329345141379313,-0.0329217427022165,-0.0329027871845362,-0.0328135524946784,-0.0327222754238407,-0.0326733666856454,-0.0326390477219462,-0.0325754252195417,-0.0325691557543459,-0.0325673986530093,-0.0325993790192481,-0.0326697551809135,-0.0327395497910403,-0.0327423661236241,-0.0327086187754525,-0.0327125812878119,-0.0327265822226111,-0.0327461093540497,-0.032806409170658,-0.0329847549666623,-0.0331191006716737,-0.0331758247433232,-0.0332168680679663,-0.0332496993317146,-0.0332459825828436,-0.0332124769877582,-0.0331500637820537,-0.0330826356114241,-0.032998482343752,-0.0329705887288576,-0.032903602481509,-0.0328699891605102,-0.0328238064576831,-0.0327649770215819,-0.0327051723015694,-0.0326557929139546,-0.0326306155996324,-0.0325519942996068,-0.0326171686781728,-0.0325485179007975,-0.0323548492125667,-0.0324074003682295,-0.0324180110758208,-0.0324128719994269,-0.0325812136090533,-0.0325503561272178,-0.0329109223829939,-0.0332477972770693,-0.0333040894353065,-0.0333273155477514,-0.0352387216093306,-0.0373150803555925,-0.0373768641237583,-0.0374759597680906,-0.0375003930996977,-0.0375305459405504,-0.0375606987846505,-0.0375908516319976,-0.0376209658916403,-0.0376510415653411,-0.0376538820262686,-0.0376939186185477,-0.0377324771084342,-0.0377709584357728,-0.0378094011923315,-0.0378464044396457,-0.0378833305324785,-0.0379174161744925,-0.0379543423060225,-0.0379897517611017,-0.0380237217087604,-0.0380576530949278,-0.0380915845034432,-0.0381240378221065,-0.0382350216555107,-0.0383867879246394,-0.0384104113684262,-0.0384439187181648,-0.0384788656425555,-0.0385138126049014,-0.0385516772583601,-0.038589619096696,-0.0386275224001525,-0.0386669424263213,-0.0387078406025489,-0.0387177245516686,-0.0387515793330585,-0.0387883132275287,-0.0388236461726279,-0.0388604186875652,-0.0388986693406106,-0.0389355190388399,-0.0389738468718505,-0.0390136142743198,-0.0390519807163834,-0.0390932648380807,-0.0391331479947705,-0.0391745092801416,-0.039191668179801,-0.0392230683278661,-0.0392559080346489,-0.0392873467612856,-0.0393202250458505,-0.0393531418971023,-0.0393860587558628,-0.0394204537288545,-0.0394534477140681,-0.0394864417042225,-0.0395194742539676,-0.0395539849119167,-0.0395870560217481,-0.0396201656866091,-0.0396547920072385,-0.0396879787756461,-0.0397038523839454,-0.0397370777003999,-0.0397718196639302,-0.0398036825209442,-0.0398369849229717,-0.0398703644149626,-0.0399023043487938,-0.0399342828212423,-0.0399662612845775,-0.0403702577611139,-0.0405530663800994,-0.0405633744023205,-0.040070409203359,-0.0410557121601089,-0.0403437766702011,-0.0425080684437328,-0.0422258811866002,-0.0423572954926337,-0.0427407306956685,-0.0444988076356961,-0.0445526997878397,-0.0445765170177732,-0.0447370694698301,-0.0447581570706375,-0.0451354574348735,-0.0451157873883516,-0.0455218198795633,-0.0458317699635167,-0.045927271388187,-0.0461644328441216,-0.0465673905348454,-0.046566139140508,-0.0465674553881514,-0.0475957693621637,-0.0475500521624245,-0.0492201398236527,-0.0492609454962062,-0.0493583486646747,-0.0497130681987174,-0.0496574634469883,-0.0503452504160159,-0.0508174990507022,-0.0511516775852039,-0.051466140834449,-0.0519587310682263,-0.0501695864249432,-0.0501087651461758,-0.0503442218803046,-0.0503089650995889,-0.0503845004887595,-0.0504643921379732,-0.0506442364707914,-0.050738069966401,-0.0507700434024619,-0.0511157415114141,-0.0513084841981151,-0.0517503026451615,-0.0521198449866822,-0.0521749634268724,-0.052412862924674,-0.0525005444236586,-0.052622128758287,-0.0526311862879402,-0.052889862968115,-0.0539775072559336,-0.0537288209688645,-0.0535645669101784,-0.0535154281407876,-0.0534061718232386,-0.0533219526531397,-0.0532545851097408,-0.0531861076360356,-0.0531561104779202,-0.0530305481515667,-0.0529942347054072,-0.0529339421701074,-0.0529017326674303,-0.0528805558539071,-0.0528443655520426,-0.0528567992104907,-0.0528940235493211,-0.0529203683954727,-0.052940550036634,-0.0529464607207172,-0.0529491940219821,-0.0530797300699865,-0.0531812877966295,-0.0531402049168991,-0.0535601768769731,-0.053551889513163,-0.0534231287634101,-0.0533148653948933,-0.0532493839686831,-0.0531958612950243,-0.0531691418265712,-0.0530973674088207,-0.0530409272411823,-0.053001215946034,-0.053000006316441,-0.0529644218628848,-0.0530137022762819,-0.0531180202217174,-0.0529847470341148,-0.0529824043813377,-0.0528902531118909,-0.0528326824957764,-0.0528009500090838,-0.052922307376246,-0.052921534147532,-0.0529786987831155,-0.0529495533342771,-0.0529559685457919,-0.0529597043741035,-0.0528575566372399,-0.0528187354491899,-0.0528114705324193,-0.0529427089817337,-0.0529744789124799,-0.0530175472881381,-0.0530527536041904,-0.0531188253693356,-0.0532507230157803,-0.0532604296442414,-0.0531682452106226,-0.0531566934538587,-0.0531877733437085,-0.0532189296970081,-0.0532686189780241,-0.0533060675833338,-0.0534278278993932,-0.0534894209215155,-0.053514345944661,-0.0535069649447489,-0.0533882794933146,-0.0533568091911449,-0.0533588755150366,-0.0534132193428898,-0.0535734491515254,-0.0535735169205681,-0.0535732638472234,-0.0535203209702636,-0.0534702478292754,-0.053478161993343,-0.0535218019155679,-0.0536213682954407,-0.0536541243539517,-0.0536954387962369,-0.0537080231938356,-0.0539998270327222,-0.0540185118811683,-0.0539530004528852,-0.0539473204406874,-0.0543285621615421,-0.052699292258052,-0.0527475093200252,-0.0527630744253158,-0.0527570407700278,-0.0521738080353587,-0.0519805548895314,-0.0518015101368531,-0.0516871207496379,-0.0516866166733845,-0.0517824915579838,-0.0521513384332843,-0.0522818735097796,-0.0520409515551983,-0.0516843797801224,-0.0514464025808392,-0.0509945369054817,-0.0508814383165,-0.0511282812127266,-0.0513266102244651,-0.0513196461773855,-0.0510002810433363,-0.0505751755077384,-0.0506340271449851,-0.0508222829406686,-0.050888481097279,-0.0505200295554414,-0.0502785697874518,-0.0499050330788112,-0.0496700958804346,-0.0496231161817146,-0.0494067681474365,-0.0490558122865472,-0.0486291612404655,-0.0482061191563365,-0.0485401979814378,-0.0477208465331278,-0.047561708582314,-0.0473305408223251,-0.0470375690748176,-0.0467730275416142,-0.0465867888939191,-0.0463636462999198,-0.0462138185378556,-0.0459991210725144,-0.0457204031873131,-0.0454572901389416,-0.0453463769837235,-0.0452368684045048,-0.0451885675392244,-0.0451290897318183,-0.0451056298100588,-0.045114160617049,-0.04512328496918,-0.0451770471803711,-0.0452426796109231,-0.0453035114371167,-0.0453357571257446,-0.0456156165409278,-0.0457174095242005,-0.0457427479421509,-0.0457799593899552,-0.0457813978350305,-0.0460016639346827,-0.0461032181260617,-0.0461603938139329,-0.0449958213687239,-0.0446323674444298,-0.0434522878966957,-0.0427455996056473,-0.042100398294264,-0.0419620921115342,-0.0418251477642915,-0.041648675879561,-0.0424456929522112,-0.0429893823439384,-0.043189696041172,-0.0436628148094154,-0.0438862063115039,-0.044507982427779,-0.0448740643456642,-0.0450006504362564,-0.0451242651737492,-0.0451964712532178,-0.0451789282123866,-0.0454831912892902,-0.0458752607174564,-0.0461507881265284,-0.0465114884891526,-0.0469414918353515,-0.0477579714428508,-0.04823982944232,-0.0487217649753316,-0.0490866665658559,-0.0493664416534309,-0.0499355371056182,-0.0509546346759246,-0.0530700256051657,-0.0534646104341701,-0.0535797164755799,-0.0536450073961008,-0.0537878448152509,-0.0539083836257832,-0.0539539465553027,-0.0540076036051668,-0.054081343190032,-0.0543312884776401,-0.0547487777129806,-0.0554355181402601,-0.0565434617661607,-0.0575613259477832,-0.0581006749022713,-0.0586189647560479,-0.0586875234700805,-0.0590615535876293,-0.0596776817965176,-0.0609726891245249,-0.0613835845986096,-0.0618269592924329,-0.0620797547640144,-0.0622199392777866,-0.0623432380130388,-0.062569075879215,-0.062901464771905,-0.0630839318185606,-0.0632447249422437,-0.0633651287033546,-0.0634841308141428,-0.0636400212637223,-0.0637133757162424,-0.0637497776211496,-0.0636655384775919,-0.0637336327507449,-0.0638704192523374,-0.0640827885853476,-0.0641657971459002,-0.0642188239750291,-0.0642775645117636,-0.0646117174548366,-0.0650262115557385,-0.0646713284288716,-0.0642800753974963,-0.0640535720330939,-0.0638010013280265,-0.0637522900712987,-0.0637335529093145,-0.063706879797289,-0.0637007610365785,-0.0635436126108102,-0.0634574445578468,-0.0634567799006789,-0.0635507772142596,-0.0639828077359947,-0.064158233708068,-0.0642449266097269,-0.0643649608486772,-0.0644203253504574,-0.0644672148151723,-0.0645306095151149,-0.0645603266427423,-0.0646111984679309,-0.0648003323268073,-0.0650864342783182,-0.0654157984326559,-0.0656068035677339,-0.065788088014457,-0.0658343327895136,-0.0659090710461887,-0.0659740439291495,-0.0660429882108064,-0.0661443213587609,-0.0667087897235701,-0.0671515942794402,-0.0677533380073911,-0.0686022227064905,-0.0690216225027414,-0.0695291726021383,-0.0696223205650059,-0.069984203807724,-0.0701872584860904,-0.0703929988493241,-0.0706953281017729,-0.070943213747654,-0.071109946088177,-0.0713349797152959,-0.0716077974293937,-0.072076895954484,-0.0722159720937809,-0.0723833852351975,-0.0724608680115878,-0.0725401287720243,-0.0726301338877578,-0.072708750902332,-0.0727640625003003,-0.0728617463571724,-0.0735861144484096,-0.0748935847951941,-0.0749277404003203,-0.0749702924946027,-0.0750484277439369,-0.0750933443131952,-0.0750286000039398,-0.0749442639811241,-0.0747957259065647,-0.0744907513290357,-0.0743270910245674,-0.0741661834454931,-0.0739848055474314,-0.0739304315367128,-0.0739356493318978,-0.0739544877074705,-0.0740022645879674,-0.0740486417605443,-0.074095018916903,-0.0741414716240365,-0.0741879998763931,-0.0742389538817298,-0.0742899456359079,-0.0743410129153667,-0.0743892052054014,-0.0744374730147285,-0.0744857785609333,-0.0745326465913982,-0.0745546242300664,-0.0745825028522684,-0.0746118189317125,-0.0746396975219562,-0.0746675760964114,-0.0746940549555781,-0.0747219712700869,-0.0747470503969416,-0.0747735669780565,-0.074797208601813,-0.0748208879799709,-0.0748446051110674,-0.0748668847562276,-0.0748863272172978,-0.074893778935654,-0.0749132591439735,-0.0749327393363847,-0.0749493445805205,-0.074965987577779,-0.0749811930957131,-0.0749963986005064,-0.075008766930435,-0.07502113524909,-0.075033503556474,-0.0750429969288797,-0.0754550468419184,-0.0754565220415361,-0.0756648122949164,-0.0765987608919415,-0.0776031908526035,-0.0780424287791363,-0.0782388456395773,-0.0783067237968765,-0.0791609333273337,-0.0791975500004482,-0.0792228942259612,-0.0792555060306174,-0.0792690880220753,-0.0792617243026313,-0.0791498725630449,-0.0789308926627323,-0.0794651482853821,-0.0795159189868912,-0.0796298318661041,-0.0798288686933545,-0.07985629752438,-0.0800773684175798,-0.0803434169897717,-0.0808519118866049,-0.0808969591287436,-0.0811585421920842,-0.0816945482574275,-0.0817265621244566,-0.0817794448168125,-0.0820318096750869,-0.0828437769747725,-0.0834389353396013,-0.0834766833972043,-0.0834953204861383,-0.0835111353768931,-0.0835369659417258,-0.0835855386706141,-0.0836183955943412,-0.0836317237734448,-0.0836831665506885,-0.0838627587636848,-0.0840788454897497,-0.0843723902865001,-0.0846522792419742,-0.084955258032014,-0.0851727123874748,-0.0852507817952168,-0.0852617560662454,-0.0854381514165939,-0.0857947484327235,-0.0859043120813636,-0.085991599286027,-0.0860401106320127,-0.0860740588964802,-0.0860923820133391,-0.0861005672503296,-0.0860986896810659,-0.0860665215240595,-0.0859453211509348,-0.0858874372061276,-0.0858563408143665,-0.0858687259179832,-0.0858904875510219,-0.0859168623493054,-0.0859971510839545,-0.0860455025418357,-0.0861213555364493,-0.0866133848147125,-0.0872577249751485,-0.0876807568947271,-0.0878738409981819,-0.0881149531044068,-0.0882261339818956,-0.0883196140646263,-0.0884971370860261,-0.0888910059982563,-0.0893087716693844,-0.0895930476435753,-0.0900233120684781,-0.0902254332143741,-0.0904647872654138,-0.0905778370374286,-0.0906654019874723,-0.0909813439119362,-0.0911946296091531,-0.0914889791340815,-0.0917263598700368,-0.0918379222241825,-0.0918980808233454,-0.0919894908791749,-0.0920401011941158,-0.0922584223039,-0.0925404975299914,-0.0927679966850386,-0.0928745131757003,-0.0930026842035505,-0.093206695995834,-0.0933570520452688,-0.0936341132154877,-0.0937990397597614,-0.0940045637343108,-0.0941057388709957,-0.0945074150140546,-0.0949531018357642,-0.0950162370568107,-0.0950375597891429,-0.0950433085822126,-0.095017096373745,-0.0950131827949268,-0.0950250543923147,-0.09504008451223,-0.0950965917468412,-0.0951405711764687,-0.095251652472972,-0.0956977828041644,-0.0959035206901986,-0.0961080468773939,-0.097429907456029,-0.097958563115656,-0.098451457449247,-0.0988920973634439,-0.0992533625468289,-0.0993041508536991,-0.0993447224436567,-0.0994035088333959,-0.0994170155869637,-0.099427350284342,-0.0995648937906818,-0.09964555393108,-0.09972346696146,-0.099808683540341,-0.0998587817389451,-0.0999236730201163,-0.0999931776377308,-0.100068808441065,-0.1001476142623,-0.100205144650602,-0.100322240532102,-0.100760984341784,-0.100766310965807,-0.100792576239457,-0.10078923954874,-0.100802263621038,-0.100830922413783,-0.100877831540179,-0.100957917362107,-0.101132041690351,-0.101322660081619,-0.101340314102183,-0.101380517914753,-0.101425356614144,-0.1014571760995,-0.101474537969342,-0.101478955014478,-0.101468839693784,-0.10138748479303,-0.101335188613494,-0.101106088960169,-0.101060647912818,-0.101038816918812,-0.101034847931043,-0.101162717913169,-0.101118639871499,-0.101005807066658,-0.10093841598063,-0.100627648453566,-0.10004487902922,-0.0991175250084095,-0.0985913504025859,-0.097848936725316,-0.0976021978497242,-0.0972070722877583,-0.0965759929453036,-0.0962014601447046,-0.0958371617594443,-0.0956649090738962,-0.0955036731893316,-0.0952081568287627,-0.0951486128456053,-0.0951226615459069,-0.0950254124268761,-0.0948668631366539,-0.0947296329092198,-0.0945719628974304,-0.0941425734491183,-0.093650403610643,-0.0930942160572327,-0.0929383112076425,-0.0928400309874869,-0.0927585114361575,-0.0925519020649065,-0.0923277579504083,-0.0922118378358392,-0.091539165570828,-0.0911241995488632,-0.0909398247524394,-0.0906671562090707,-0.0901060546855581,-0.0900718902215393,-0.0900711653544129,-0.0900797108957687,-0.0900946118561343,-0.090136374203225,-0.0911462831738996,-0.0922653723477624,-0.0927176510412408,-0.0927401629361927,-0.0927819718339203,-0.0928490504994044,-0.0929288684510765,-0.0929465616748272,-0.0930244998512468,-0.0930310949395317,-0.0930802884450569,-0.0934869520590795,-0.0936237391186136,-0.0936632491155117,-0.0937270775084951,-0.0939992673298241,-0.094065184945073,-0.0941056830613472,-0.0942006935322806,-0.0943231924644651,-0.0944529229086342,-0.0947971482659646,-0.0950698926553567,-0.0959975000282025,-0.0971357628188549,-0.0989171233913251,-0.0991772221429038,-0.0992474334474209,-0.0993751360650362,-0.0995429098908314,-0.0997752893702828,-0.100368029436796,-0.100573444801043,-0.100619683547777,-0.100654260990389,-0.100682692442977,-0.100591397569127,-0.100337881317932,-0.100169880524097,-0.100111647754198,-0.099997740976233,-0.101511453065508,-0.10362194567469,-0.10555431759098,-0.107203048506367,-0.107854291844197,-0.108068152901533,-0.108219433323344,-0.108245960180632,-0.108237786209294,-0.108214970868019,-0.108178395566074,-0.108085430623045,-0.105557089603563,-0.105006647314523,-0.104086010341361,-0.104046927654568,-0.104621119600515,-0.104640486552907,-0.104623756311086,-0.104898594072733,-0.10515564216261,-0.105280783570095,-0.105326802752964,-0.105421903314004,-0.105634091348254,-0.106043785424585,-0.105904955448762,-0.105635780758837,-0.105663970716248,-0.106328661096587,-0.106823372783598,-0.107222609284364,-0.106926337015,-0.106615938990546,-0.106550188188595,-0.106357649718072,-0.107844529680475,-0.107991843755115,-0.108136714556622,-0.108281139575671,-0.108452541587564,-0.108121530597101,-0.105519911267549,-0.104711053563001,-0.10418850124072,-0.103803304252124,-0.10339300874218,-0.103260234612508,-0.103258608574527,-0.103159816116721,-0.103395991081152,-0.10315625592931,-0.103527460263388,-0.103405723630887,-0.103582932172555,-0.10371218810034,-0.103731670897859,-0.103883362891612,-0.103943131118745,-0.104105127695954,-0.10425736181815,-0.104400601497136,-0.104519085271602,-0.104699091394382,-0.104793933162109,-0.104886954160455,-0.104896248847506,-0.105337813426614,-0.105742098371294,-0.107159019799374,-0.109399474041069,-0.1105073955807,-0.110584358238957,-0.11066442329476,-0.11081359340432,-0.110957394970709,-0.110972915771445,-0.111442589512862,-0.110295109091069,-0.110303913665922,-0.11029541411803,-0.109516292974489,-0.10952016608596,-0.109470475554524,-0.109121121078204,-0.108353632044803,-0.10822802224583,-0.108188874403924,-0.107846543368885,-0.106825807325895,-0.106704050046637,-0.106527342844517,-0.105986633675907,-0.105947706082938,-0.106115551072437,-0.106086926292777,-0.106065016598483,-0.106050665746304,-0.106080850925115,-0.10613685599522,-0.106751587115696,-0.10745801285948,-0.106395616843142,-0.106518467116097,-0.106519907059012,-0.106599583456355,-0.106566499178206,-0.106545656312531,-0.106467163087679,-0.106434673905379,-0.106434584829859,-0.106465728355404,-0.106592704003045,-0.106596874979164,-0.107363630164876,-0.108175580065139,-0.108245002506987,-0.108290974950897,-0.108406410812298,-0.108424487434246,-0.108506405348497,-0.108593107544482,-0.108799719202591,-0.10886237549233,-0.108921568267822,-0.108924883868241],"lat":[51.5084407114991,51.5084492104179,51.5084979165889,51.5085278407012,51.5085411766563,51.5085642870904,51.5084640717746,51.5084709207114,51.5085915808617,51.5086114522174,51.5086092832665,51.5086199119103,51.5086199737635,51.5086184449565,51.5086174401823,51.5086252446401,51.5086234405714,51.5085333139125,51.5084746831063,51.5083870483464,51.5084129252293,51.5084749555304,51.5085243954498,51.5085337405194,51.508596504676,51.5086021681131,51.5085943155224,51.5085429980704,51.5084900251689,51.5084609559499,51.5084170126077,51.5083665035122,51.5083346408167,51.5083074183727,51.5083413098142,51.5083195121791,51.5082283739673,51.5081852487055,51.5081181074089,51.5080496815622,51.5080160999666,51.5079826586121,51.5079097891996,51.5076791722089,51.5075375885491,51.507348486397,51.5072404764323,51.5072111274029,51.5073039540343,51.5072585241218,51.5072068244369,51.5071075150602,51.5071423123268,51.5070429997824,51.506926011729,51.5068455322359,51.5067051248399,51.5066218867191,51.5066182059919,51.5066853540917,51.5068400459465,51.5070206812353,51.5069589202869,51.5068309933916,51.5068292496536,51.5068262551097,51.5068252650863,51.5068678130323,51.5068249510764,51.506791609791,51.5067551008644,51.5067289227389,51.5066612190683,51.5065649996623,51.5065310387859,51.5065051914665,51.506485034101,51.5064619713421,51.5063226725535,51.5063164191368,51.5062995656304,51.5062429730395,51.5062304990102,51.5061353076118,51.5060131927621,51.5059622742221,51.5058892960348,51.5058391672082,51.5056598858708,51.505568828091,51.5054829757269,51.505391209441,51.5054271624727,51.5050811158098,51.5049760330757,51.5048851271541,51.5048556862315,51.5045802078609,51.5045148969513,51.5043508358577,51.5043190537052,51.5042534116001,51.5042341405467,51.5041998759517,51.5039410739247,51.5038706970008,51.5037061040098,51.5035623427492,51.5035154471064,51.5035378652138,51.5034360567264,51.5031198932231,51.5031909073129,51.5030716913836,51.5025160326429,51.5020799272503,51.5019190999342,51.5015565969292,51.5014170029446,51.501335157476,51.5012598153532,51.5008353337524,51.5006868233237,51.5005350014446,51.5005120625738,51.5004630155869,51.5006155468904,51.5011438195089,51.5012591726483,51.5013577369706,51.5015285225523,51.5016281508821,51.5019622913638,51.5022104949835,51.5019610216056,51.5020074880428,51.501968554345,51.5019422764461,51.5018451136791,51.5014031074183,51.5013235560061,51.5012546547519,51.501455800336,51.5009588660669,51.5008015619153,51.5007592703139,51.5008342048174,51.5007298830913,51.5006154952739,51.500586225119,51.5006413696539,51.5007214375787,51.5007164672908,51.5007196710598,51.5006856603085,51.5007471182046,51.5007282270232,51.5006822063409,51.5006968228017,51.5006939743856,51.5007018749068,51.5007049928665,51.5007316382204,51.5007774762316,51.5008368897692,51.5008565660734,51.5008769488851,51.5010305585027,51.5010314332689,51.5010655409583,51.5009627788736,51.5009830811117,51.5010075744665,51.5011046345994,51.5011825433465,51.5011550116547,51.5014546665207,51.5014145927389,51.5016274721351,51.5016628052347,51.5018582028495,51.5018879823423,51.501900529913,51.5019041628683,51.5019027146699,51.5018283820955,51.5018446819395,51.5019014866066,51.501997090317,51.5020605674773,51.5021408115094,51.5022890428951,51.5024061926242,51.5027334163055,51.5027333923779,51.5028807637164,51.5030508367327,51.5032106651698,51.5035411147103,51.5037228194517,51.5040380968784,51.5042309520798,51.5045155906505,51.5043672101854,51.5042264376446,51.5041437761332,51.5041328009142,51.5041099278822,51.5040814713624,51.5040817586008,51.5041320932734,51.5042033002506,51.5043173657275,51.5045645236727,51.504632232006,51.5046931466645,51.5047189670711,51.5047676243919,51.5050446378352,51.5051085722972,51.5053555335371,51.5053236854696,51.505123612946,51.5052017563977,51.5052961804767,51.5051033788681,51.5051722348719,51.5051810771463,51.5053704395957,51.5054274107047,51.5055728233984,51.5060149303869,51.5058185801925,51.5059923069471,51.5060473283995,51.5064236618151,51.5069205285419,51.5069564798205,51.5070488097919,51.507145132608,51.5072165274125,51.5074724568517,51.5074875624342,51.5074862481936,51.5074813628094,51.5074450243477,51.5074179578558,51.5073937808567,51.5072225197549,51.507169064058,51.5071300378818,51.5070950400152,51.5070811337208,51.507069875017,51.5071284432298,51.5070923016112,51.5070369225668,51.5069357675551,51.5068765803241,51.5066798319217,51.506534586522,51.5063827786904,51.5060819368772,51.5059641377958,51.5057725795926,51.5056561133313,51.5056104823141,51.5055649961657,51.5054647186128,51.5053931053001,51.5051691238519,51.504773245949,51.5046907515483,51.504602909627,51.5045840778232,51.5045227062958,51.5044614313797,51.5044459467611,51.504358756912,51.5043419978501,51.5043608640294,51.5043419543553,51.5043168945113,51.5042263953729,51.5041301275151,51.5040348501489,51.5039300503899,51.503686723688,51.5035810011492,51.5031463465974,51.5030835401629,51.5030493155564,51.5027920747353,51.5025784022873,51.5024176273347,51.5018104821101,51.5016720228516,51.501449383644,51.5011732381836,51.5010978027908,51.5001147172328,51.500101044666,51.5000803133659,51.4993375641606,51.4993118812737,51.4979472891525,51.4979340797941,51.4976798870464,51.4976577165012,51.4969478285265,51.4969318043903,51.4960324732175,51.4960078674887,51.495968685697,51.4959420603347,51.4959070957432,51.4958967711793,51.4958735037407,51.4958294715205,51.4957914881267,51.4957632929182,51.4956943510705,51.4957063088074,51.4957045890273,51.4956986176706,51.4956705722893,51.4956488847246,51.4956227765371,51.4954488555218,51.4950858335666,51.4947362907882,51.4946374187877,51.4944174317471,51.4943923187782,51.4943682734837,51.4943497164919,51.4943210523031,51.4942943682675,51.4942858305388,51.4942732929714,51.4942568953136,51.4942304679851,51.4941494717173,51.4941246295781,51.494102000369,51.4940954737951,51.4941093497517,51.4941214715816,51.4941716060722,51.4941827326649,51.4941846557307,51.4941791724889,51.4941628816639,51.4941386723208,51.4941211638644,51.4938392737959,51.4936973839706,51.4936188952883,51.4931651134331,51.4931156363106,51.4930699517766,51.4930554772886,51.4930268274957,51.4930074251821,51.4929307417494,51.492868947385,51.4930002850896,51.4929961782968,51.4926334420164,51.4922194797959,51.4922232116825,51.4922302657957,51.4922315739782,51.4922338771411,51.4922361802963,51.4922384834437,51.4922416852032,51.4922457855749,51.4922467323746,51.4922536972237,51.4922615365902,51.492271173184,51.4922817083852,51.4922922194864,51.4923045278161,51.4923158893409,51.4923281976485,51.4923422790989,51.4923563364534,51.4923712924183,51.4923862483735,51.4924020788551,51.4924677834784,51.4925566518598,51.4925768308786,51.4926016715564,51.4926265363047,51.492651401043,51.492675415309,51.4926976323226,51.4927207479444,51.4927420903914,51.4927625582822,51.4927672199233,51.4927839729327,51.4928007740849,51.4928166525296,51.4928325550393,51.492847582992,51.4928616882377,51.4928749189256,51.4928881736745,51.4929005057167,51.4929119872709,51.4929225461184,51.4929322304034,51.4929352151213,51.4929420350285,51.4929488789979,51.4929548002674,51.4929607455984,51.4929657922995,51.4929708389915,51.4929750111221,51.4929782605539,51.4929815099766,51.4929838607692,51.4929853369987,51.4929867891516,51.4929873426744,51.4929861230119,51.492984879274,51.492984245369,51.4929821029963,51.4929781874366,51.4929742237391,51.4929702840962,51.4929645472019,51.4929587862356,51.4929521266395,51.4929454670345,51.492829918978,51.4927997009999,51.4927944776531,51.4921630484587,51.491827899945,51.4910624200348,51.4902406702072,51.4900354230128,51.4900277250979,51.4900215361151,51.4901066222792,51.4901264055646,51.490142090245,51.4903623896179,51.4904418765615,51.4903771252066,51.4903318340361,51.4902351869014,51.4901621166045,51.4902194625298,51.4903663975252,51.4903416367326,51.4904720092832,51.4907445084389,51.4904459924315,51.4903696929976,51.4899856255527,51.4900420587978,51.4900211975269,51.4899452646818,51.48986430531,51.489747148073,51.4896174115649,51.4895501255911,51.4894384471075,51.489135486035,51.4883611583471,51.488334967566,51.488116764329,51.4880990920858,51.4880167163851,51.4879335137983,51.4878708574039,51.4879335672805,51.4879269046697,51.4878256382927,51.4877982665792,51.4878074067048,51.4878225386707,51.4878135623609,51.4877743492355,51.487711058484,51.4875620013241,51.4875522598373,51.4876338922406,51.4879352159699,51.4875174269574,51.4872817910724,51.4872180268759,51.4870777264581,51.4870259695083,51.4869843841802,51.4869688590547,51.4869629654288,51.4868673571408,51.4868406755124,51.4867344604243,51.4866790704455,51.4866013820453,51.4864703877203,51.4864490118393,51.486386681445,51.4863430549412,51.4862750459475,51.4861024852866,51.4860045108271,51.4859832974115,51.4859660990531,51.4858485125473,51.4857952339814,51.4855163243805,51.4852929677955,51.4852309197358,51.4852127465731,51.4852181528069,51.4851691488878,51.4851634608619,51.4848315942938,51.4846142120895,51.484608796415,51.4843959790376,51.484388703944,51.4843742492844,51.483580683255,51.4835680546458,51.4835674237079,51.4835664676917,51.4834661223153,51.4834573463942,51.4834078739794,51.4833845430569,51.4829191390695,51.4828023411362,51.4827484472654,51.4827458517673,51.4827443078265,51.482644368754,51.4826402532396,51.4824015762662,51.4819652485481,51.4817473116951,51.4814471549195,51.4810554666987,51.4810304484293,51.4810307163935,51.4810314238564,51.4809779839784,51.4809227468311,51.4808381416214,51.4807704192058,51.4805152507934,51.480489295357,51.4804789179515,51.4803816747637,51.4803617191115,51.4803567003132,51.4803081742886,51.4803171698898,51.4803423115018,51.4802730691949,51.4802451877677,51.4802371147626,51.4801616444713,51.4800772449096,51.4799655612014,51.4797918572896,51.4798004944242,51.4798110721445,51.4797861016055,51.4792576805839,51.4792247178705,51.4792074438014,51.4792055509978,51.4786057730448,51.4780085909345,51.4763016858139,51.4738397535641,51.4729331928316,51.4712104019167,51.4706091787045,51.4700801325446,51.4697571933805,51.4697014304485,51.4696139962116,51.4693377549483,51.4692140261987,51.4689546317002,51.4685710145286,51.468344041298,51.4677304241833,51.4675801648506,51.4674637665334,51.4673708415688,51.467365330213,51.4671226148999,51.46679360936,51.4667640128195,51.4666709212205,51.466637849624,51.4666011484,51.4665575653204,51.4664713178647,51.4664098566615,51.4663973846391,51.4663389299528,51.4662296744965,51.4660723961656,51.4658980902507,51.4656266770296,51.4652254512749,51.4651760392043,51.4650265077319,51.464908319919,51.4647312533201,51.4646085476562,51.464406091108,51.4642399274252,51.4639746620975,51.4635230798466,51.4629422623422,51.4626067844501,51.4622047839536,51.4618190915089,51.4613244010996,51.4609301300892,51.460595744263,51.4602811522376,51.4598315148916,51.4594072549623,51.4590953235874,51.4589807547788,51.4581580929665,51.4578981025653,51.4578103965685,51.4576806228286,51.4576806468074,51.4571744326806,51.4571221691886,51.4569630521805,51.4566612660637,51.4565769678035,51.4559313864576,51.4554924364144,51.4551642199099,51.455099860239,51.4550373216904,51.4549903095195,51.4538894256404,51.4531916769694,51.4531185829332,51.4526570605062,51.4524143883425,51.4517071444634,51.4513247659453,51.4512927048738,51.4512291196535,51.4510549660539,51.4509602501209,51.450643384825,51.4501912934271,51.449873048118,51.4499195268178,51.4499608641919,51.4500518019963,51.4500921996286,51.4501307980241,51.4501125912572,51.4500318164937,51.4498488412895,51.4495078806633,51.4488371071651,51.4487636251127,51.4487304649353,51.4487180599982,51.4487096403463,51.4487179364498,51.4487294841004,51.4487537558774,51.4488134325207,51.4489938382406,51.4491941099586,51.4494932702543,51.4499396963705,51.4503387565189,51.4499403236396,51.4495631219982,51.4495076034629,51.4493078645304,51.4489988240971,51.4484276343352,51.4481385709897,51.4477960871165,51.447535881599,51.4473520504179,51.4471931194788,51.4469576468356,51.4464487583206,51.4461837913699,51.4458528194034,51.4455580499574,51.4452623579589,51.4448090038613,51.4445377370796,51.4441534512234,51.443355307235,51.4428681288813,51.4425259681956,51.4420978265509,51.4419724004949,51.4419094281013,51.4418474493104,51.4415337264664,51.4411574808426,51.441008638123,51.4409032578997,51.4408491580606,51.4395401460636,51.438990786865,51.4382090118449,51.4379891493611,51.4379296964659,51.4377670302802,51.4376271190908,51.4375407781874,51.4374955691047,51.4372823846983,51.4372169376025,51.4371743051404,51.4370917560696,51.4370414119577,51.4369873307908,51.4368831630318,51.4367928274665,51.4366785609103,51.4362887027329,51.4359193297079,51.43541128319,51.4350790078811,51.434704306152,51.4346313291308,51.4345309448959,51.434457377584,51.4343919691962,51.4343091097597,51.433922742819,51.4336917392083,51.4334444695799,51.4329998331386,51.4328457740831,51.432682374212,51.4326569302694,51.4325702650183,51.4325313427822,51.4324969607602,51.4324578734375,51.4324475651971,51.4324512085051,51.4324710985307,51.4324836808855,51.4324815059519,51.4324586139495,51.4324119075396,51.4323826066394,51.4323452415,51.432291866135,51.432235605634,51.432186156031,51.4320870439981,51.4313516588395,51.4297490601947,51.4296551978742,51.4295326968186,51.4291796678253,51.4287955180309,51.4285561481659,51.4283722111994,51.4281071845614,51.4276282592912,51.4274493134904,51.4270680768875,51.4265237357112,51.4262089968115,51.4261533277976,51.4261500402996,51.4261427320018,51.4261345014131,51.4261262708059,51.4261162428812,51.4261044176389,51.4260899672875,51.4260746182641,51.4260574719188,51.4260402783158,51.4260212873932,51.4260013978006,51.4259814845719,51.4259719536596,51.425958922605,51.4259459151583,51.4259328840897,51.4259198530142,51.4259058996684,51.4258919699298,51.4258770943083,51.425862242294,51.4258473430486,51.4258315451483,51.4258148485931,51.4257981284213,51.4257804623724,51.4257742898796,51.425755725176,51.4257371604689,51.4257185485373,51.4256990379531,51.4256795037562,51.4256599695571,51.4256394894862,51.4256190094139,51.42559852934,51.4255780020459,51.4249804593358,51.4249795842896,51.4246781517752,51.4231952983085,51.4217108957348,51.4210121723649,51.4207186340177,51.4206091367607,51.4208182819367,51.4208368674811,51.4208498726442,51.4208953706468,51.4209144779208,51.4209871981437,51.4211850029972,51.4215707978361,51.4216928620287,51.4217512473026,51.4218817095502,51.422108889023,51.4221408128698,51.422048212711,51.4219806291575,51.4218594620816,51.4218485092207,51.422333901801,51.423307592975,51.4233674687778,51.4233755284858,51.423325702512,51.4231366518318,51.4230069991578,51.4229986237489,51.4231032437949,51.4234128511613,51.423689349313,51.4241442746833,51.424527900738,51.4247250586757,51.4250082704014,51.425391597638,51.4257278598775,51.4261382285314,51.4265312871155,51.4269570959407,51.4272610046567,51.4273549047939,51.4273676738437,51.4274838633296,51.4276596497162,51.4276884171499,51.4277339068011,51.4277778639078,51.4278260795251,51.4278695436353,51.4279146407323,51.4279595735069,51.4280408816589,51.4281872817401,51.4282987450126,51.4284232355052,51.4284710990119,51.4285011302757,51.4285240427242,51.4285649217199,51.4285783010699,51.4285876331423,51.4287242620282,51.4288651731174,51.4290006714468,51.4290964462825,51.4292478596134,51.4293413985321,51.4294454398531,51.4297073244399,51.4305419732414,51.4318041623016,51.4327836023129,51.4343679295929,51.4351445928934,51.4360981186371,51.436457868583,51.4366697234783,51.4374086713512,51.4378491885237,51.4383126075818,51.4386240216039,51.4387436417222,51.4388192601623,51.4389736234664,51.4391057401892,51.4395984946164,51.440322498223,51.4408369832835,51.4410779211494,51.4414208282636,51.4417739616028,51.441964353945,51.4422566253173,51.4424427576938,51.4426907000246,51.4428182423082,51.4434012018594,51.4443445813597,51.4445218634237,51.4446319203185,51.4447012571748,51.4448815835292,51.4450793582976,51.445209045427,51.4452974176793,51.4454611029744,51.4455454493195,51.4457118198803,51.4462649221739,51.4465083680161,51.4467463982053,51.4477669430884,51.4481361272053,51.4484309890868,51.4487366918479,51.4490824720616,51.4491417477348,51.449204454791,51.4493483909325,51.4494043642998,51.4495367236917,51.4498635879537,51.450000684447,51.4500999672569,51.4501966706075,51.4502379495516,51.4502695763461,51.4502940837651,51.4503096977922,51.4503181691149,51.4503191014799,51.450306610881,51.4503119214777,51.4503569709723,51.450660448433,51.4510183013821,51.4510859571719,51.451158362574,51.4512418547966,51.4513582579496,51.4515670099667,51.4517598421106,51.4517853074248,51.4518570003999,51.451955746333,51.4520560799239,51.4521579778885,51.4522596662065,51.4523647162235,51.4525216690228,51.4526026550121,51.4529208805709,51.4530100708503,51.4530852553517,51.4532155842652,51.453776098121,51.4538671090198,51.4540541266138,51.4541519539034,51.4543915188628,51.454768758596,51.4554020942286,51.4556984115118,51.4560370804857,51.4561553765739,51.4564151459301,51.4568797123064,51.4571631935137,51.4574081714419,51.457604110722,51.4578811624385,51.4583754525244,51.4584572172859,51.4584927661555,51.4586503555875,51.4588627031173,51.4590124484711,51.459169055564,51.4595937222896,51.4600047769236,51.4604318742517,51.460580414515,51.4606588502011,51.4607150768916,51.4608367131138,51.4610336017781,51.4611207425392,51.4619928708741,51.4625535502386,51.4628320175052,51.4632942948095,51.4657338490899,51.4660003736482,51.4660866910871,51.4661578720751,51.4662147683868,51.4663179646841,51.4676131634509,51.4690881834427,51.4697744848178,51.4698216126626,51.4699239094002,51.4701453197711,51.47075182146,51.4709490476284,51.4720150413975,51.4720295368535,51.4721274572327,51.4719056580878,51.4717675974287,51.4717178811781,51.4716029141915,51.4708762394752,51.4707801907646,51.4707412815706,51.4706726835596,51.4706009352195,51.4705284050227,51.4703532474712,51.470200308365,51.469880850578,51.4706924786734,51.471933580318,51.4721886912187,51.4722662666638,51.4726235449547,51.4730561112497,51.4734240782876,51.473991224903,51.4742112746263,51.4742767704482,51.4743456743893,51.4744585425299,51.4747843944652,51.4762766567624,51.4766462285461,51.4767307147164,51.4768727506239,51.4775267518895,51.4783414624043,51.479146961825,51.4798480327598,51.4801193288296,51.4802064107969,51.4802744975379,51.4802947092123,51.4803530291657,51.4803823366114,51.480396134646,51.480415317648,51.4807135162815,51.4807900513685,51.4809028639439,51.4809076275622,51.4814393801073,51.4814585776044,51.4815842034551,51.4818332441989,51.4820945864213,51.4820984071315,51.4821000499927,51.4822032028865,51.4824350428954,51.4826970505754,51.4827802376843,51.4829503455346,51.482965189098,51.4832951623668,51.483521670582,51.4836540119241,51.4840610895701,51.4845308864821,51.4846925905776,51.4848900160455,51.4855048311731,51.4855647607247,51.4856489306401,51.4857438842786,51.4858482654888,51.4861549680086,51.4887693736197,51.4895521465094,51.4900301981615,51.4904610094687,51.490871629915,51.4910511325159,51.4910556025052,51.4911799006381,51.4913204078911,51.4914739004137,51.4916930284119,51.4917800861051,51.4918836689267,51.4919972671453,51.4920137688372,51.4919685610311,51.4919515422729,51.4922482187509,51.4925024720469,51.4927305012599,51.4929302531488,51.4930707490032,51.4933195776455,51.4935081265191,51.4935271611335,51.4936134308592,51.4936954996991,51.4941626120676,51.4949559282866,51.4953721554995,51.4953922799127,51.4954070587184,51.4954229507544,51.4954990063073,51.4955765923826,51.4964474432471,51.496777869821,51.4968436574153,51.4968749944281,51.4983650945218,51.4983759480334,51.498497445846,51.4991060054832,51.5003480906476,51.5004935424916,51.5005342767682,51.5007985308127,51.5015787984448,51.5016658592178,51.5015838717798,51.502010380516,51.5020457220739,51.5021329627974,51.5021630752432,51.5022049864567,51.5022730981663,51.5024138695951,51.5025226847534,51.5022223669249,51.503012524634,51.5033712645254,51.5036403270612,51.5036403503096,51.5040472010799,51.5042543950409,51.5043053161161,51.5044955903041,51.504688405735,51.5048295874517,51.5049820645071,51.5052907607269,51.5052944250877,51.5070639465731,51.5069088859945,51.5070071253768,51.5071148782822,51.5074242854496,51.5074749352899,51.5077586225888,51.5077528268325,51.5077049011519,51.508071009038,51.5084163781536,51.5084407114991]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0324128719994269,-0.0324011930050357,-0.0323600805613596,-0.0322068699510436,-0.0321839766956363,-0.0322892488360697,-0.0322831346486498,-0.0322309785220107,-0.0321274638419434,-0.0320263179933056,-0.031835940068215,-0.0316718154093144,-0.0315368914298684,-0.0310421394644653,-0.030648714436613,-0.0304523471742056,-0.0303350611350461,-0.0301237285556351,-0.0301099539234472,-0.0297737238835819,-0.0294453102649563,-0.0293409908982191,-0.0292989654037186,-0.0292313019537886,-0.0291880366640486,-0.0287887592058619,-0.0288516167379015,-0.0282264158135298,-0.0280132482663547,-0.0274176078712739,-0.02680140076737,-0.0264908374095906,-0.0263546364797734,-0.0260002297961062,-0.0256261803286956,-0.0248613273809012,-0.0249073362793187,-0.0248830622718481,-0.024847351506038,-0.0250298114384544,-0.0252012985450697,-0.0252072082312125,-0.0252222333300948,-0.0252896596555573,-0.0252959876837259,-0.0255780902991585,-0.0257391631772635,-0.0258191377097027,-0.0258829925134019,-0.0259521413551235,-0.026065125192995,-0.0263683764539135,-0.026408704876031,-0.0247198681711953,-0.0231612732011441,-0.0231207626681146,-0.0230709522800102,-0.0225235072038224,-0.020367433745228,-0.0204180309005636,-0.020014681004047,-0.01893472633835,-0.0187277581116582,-0.0185837634113886,-0.0184009114557492,-0.0181613892413801,-0.0178753075987566,-0.0176446281667056,-0.0171165672380599,-0.017203430951347,-0.0173576965874433,-0.0174449434961535,-0.0190744448590582,-0.0191362132560537,-0.0191733218499281,-0.0192052968618931,-0.0192126107242759,-0.0191983034888481,-0.0193448310418022,-0.0192039176203872,-0.0194443225127163,-0.0194006456892708,-0.0194424266659154,-0.0196373616215662,-0.0198289503003351,-0.0198265801757289,-0.0195719834755467,-0.0195362794887329,-0.0194808958265305,-0.0194569768327208,-0.019387637538063,-0.0193059258260858,-0.019307727677778,-0.0193391556751917,-0.0193750161534946,-0.019446930330868,-0.0198087530822587,-0.020023401752829,-0.0206175722646229,-0.0207856669692589,-0.0208216038442861,-0.0208472730447052,-0.0209967371781085,-0.0209571450914412,-0.0209762413554389,-0.0210229510307613,-0.0210924513725121,-0.0211378384807322,-0.0212789000482551,-0.0214011378532069,-0.0214805943272655,-0.0216374849688739,-0.0226509641948077,-0.0226992694844643,-0.0228141138922539,-0.0224139931024425,-0.0221762494738503,-0.0219724185000005,-0.0217239392025612,-0.021513651089622,-0.0213109854590796,-0.0209600245005176,-0.0209223381528101,-0.020843078170602,-0.0208619020084484,-0.0209062388940827,-0.0209647321874472,-0.0210344649904471,-0.0210638281604975,-0.0211020197030454,-0.0211777804449914,-0.0212545523223641,-0.0222433691067956,-0.0223980375992196,-0.0224757028780422,-0.022549751676312,-0.0227636148316941,-0.0227676197216116,-0.0228872093137256,-0.022924581348052,-0.0229185120009982,-0.022930602743089,-0.0228305617640013,-0.0228016975064203,-0.0228032117317224,-0.0228110609181191,-0.0226459705909801,-0.022611624725727,-0.0226178856803715,-0.0226727174694333,-0.0225065002190811,-0.0224494518637997,-0.0223414924383319,-0.0221884975178143,-0.0221015773494973,-0.0220320411399307,-0.0218850350674613,-0.0218708400819512,-0.0217724102481319,-0.0215776859923285,-0.0216450041337629,-0.0214631925262071,-0.0212345577965661,-0.0211411440543859,-0.0210523194822924,-0.0209345222387163,-0.0208366757982465,-0.0207965806887384,-0.0207679581034865,-0.0207507302193234,-0.0207361859703979,-0.0206656414203448,-0.0206476357333677,-0.0206208798986052,-0.0205537956897385,-0.0203275366459883,-0.020225918708385,-0.020118040093999,-0.0200506845156283,-0.0200045632354483,-0.0199900193362078,-0.0199784707969347,-0.0199831003849585,-0.020006124340428,-0.0200417091936856,-0.020082699356708,-0.0201560064956726,-0.020337271259174,-0.0203277442374314,-0.0202997068215299,-0.020245108883995,-0.0201452057193089,-0.0201100119564867,-0.0200519907631574,-0.0199992971242298,-0.0198933651826222,-0.019398625013485,-0.0193454657639608,-0.0193192170123857,-0.0192852692193026,-0.0191530292098378,-0.0191100679879703,-0.019023313293334,-0.0188842872196801,-0.0188275930478736,-0.0189586072085558,-0.0189819011907323,-0.0189452384962977,-0.0187925336277823,-0.0186717157493988,-0.0189375549054781,-0.0190317359990129,-0.0190903790467814,-0.0191999648277918,-0.0192726858662177,-0.0191668449662018,-0.0190209491944155,-0.0190181883492471,-0.019118015368569,-0.0187006171517397,-0.0184734480150634,-0.0182004312568594,-0.0178871660052325,-0.017743910022097,-0.0175090000533323,-0.0172738566324334,-0.0171616366371062,-0.0171617145596378,-0.0171404862053621,-0.017113892372567,-0.0169494210089813,-0.0165589895723336,-0.0164673915729687,-0.0164164173964353,-0.0162696759909685,-0.015904495248643,-0.0158067059916341,-0.0155598011082638,-0.0154562188398468,-0.0153012359785024,-0.0150902208456616,-0.0150267210983691,-0.0146525811787033,-0.0144938801605986,-0.0141080746418663,-0.0134761382658151,-0.0131289768663874,-0.0134740157615136,-0.0137168549262372,-0.0138409606620017,-0.0140467463725236,-0.014097055531342,-0.0144229251895495,-0.0148607368880848,-0.0151845092298001,-0.0147546224738431,-0.0145344323988692,-0.0145286379194005,-0.014540974018883,-0.014542954381867,-0.0142576128314974,-0.0140695227898728,-0.0136714068702524,-0.0133632294773132,-0.0131439398851695,-0.012874016458621,-0.0125188480036505,-0.0116787257134317,-0.0103223650771764,-0.0100780519983922,-0.00907176844761832,-0.00889587213305768,-0.00861442832259595,-0.00814348183745376,-0.0073628232088518,-0.00695462194576492,-0.0066892909669118,-0.00563043913890807,-0.00359806928841247,-0.00234966293810762,-0.00149654280764248,-0.00132439119257437,-0.00119221328402646,-0.000983579930577973,-0.000359103918585913,-5.72091177417772e-06,0.000365675363044042,0.000877977602548187,0.00163626299511446,0.00284280072286571,0.00375903128692758,0.00454478351805742,0.00541158796612332,0.00748967029111151,0.00921879267861346,0.0101483341472055,0.0120888979491085,0.0135636251193125,0.0143568054169076,0.0152510675279308,0.0170401577459715,0.0180411475307085,0.0181236009675934,0.017780554148426,0.01655269249871,0.0161948038577966,0.0160291070992007,0.0149849011726023,0.0149531548802695,0.0149952001724695,0.0150789979367915,0.0152127979152547,0.0153575389168242,0.0155158082572472,0.0158930733111621,0.0161437983572912,0.0161961076235313,0.01619923543711,0.0162055702898254,0.0162912359465811,0.0163474003049262,0.0164638866129073,0.0166055666355097,0.0166942642069184,0.016623143122152,0.0166119991033946,0.0165329810554891,0.0163305361017028,0.0161118753629056,0.0160417996451626,0.0160303292409623,0.0159601472744213,0.0158498258283891,0.0158314260769608,0.0155282055888779,0.0152629590410805,0.014987270318406,0.0145451974714295,0.0143584600792347,0.0140251257173851,0.0137560211204445,0.0135875657065924,0.0134968832890945,0.0134860707662861,0.0134811069376531,0.0129924662823368,0.0126017028123875,0.0128898408072729,0.0130134194464148,0.0130516520300416,0.0130689116435409,0.0130531053976542,0.0129767397394718,0.012779908556884,0.0126928402503471,0.0126668061869458,0.0126911662765738,0.0127648222656352,0.0130126438603261,0.0131414582300586,0.0132453792587668,0.0131535557293509,0.0129743041086662,0.0128374863686502,0.0127463355413571,0.0124830878948223,0.0120895370566521,0.0118085056463625,0.0115965790312327,0.0114594475766966,0.0113027283068729,0.0109134922020406,0.0107539357900061,0.0104848439120941,0.0099432309868878,0.00909709402704866,0.00911630549765582,0.00917418983221989,0.00913883845117989,0.00906781982062198,0.00898747742940513,0.00898806153698301,0.00901771597559405,0.00904892733817172,0.00912088924310533,0.00926910140043509,0.00927983828590255,0.00931015407815597,0.00938039473471476,0.00953272071120016,0.00961781417817812,0.00971959940163961,0.00979562537510848,0.0098250300605555,0.00984393045688609,0.00982325250557565,0.00980468460074726,0.00976486022685449,0.00974710482514453,0.00982377400747538,0.00986709054311743,0.00990348335547574,0.00994738894905061,0.0101138498282211,0.0103110232406768,0.0104429462798172,0.0106451970276788,0.0107961487130392,0.0109988119795505,0.0112336697259957,0.0112567791107986,0.0113753998430628,0.0114149004109835,0.0114815880608892,0.0114853194920965,0.0114838344007282,0.0114846406671676,0.0115161193853953,0.0115189566021966,0.011700380189353,0.0119152174376506,0.0122885014773183,0.012606675681277,0.0129790702089518,0.0131602917250542,0.0135285903706087,0.0140305875374421,0.0141972504425816,0.0143952397915083,0.014813266948828,0.0153161931266923,0.0160243348493662,0.0174796500853742,0.0175138921013844,0.0174728314236796,0.0174522713658778,0.0174285970333727,0.0174381463376,0.0174386733695442,0.0174625778566609,0.0174783832958304,0.0174951119061184,0.0175022598802879,0.0175075614134564,0.0176039931965189,0.0177035936917018,0.0178589239959756,0.0179280859014609,0.0180101007548854,0.0180415555413656,0.0183304580039625,0.0183315791351841,0.0192890581675099,0.019535902459459,0.0196396474093886,0.0197106467340929,0.0197448270234822,0.019871629866504,0.0198383933188618,0.0151227125932826,0.0150091306894085,0.0148759486003468,0.0150637514206382,0.0172939381145907,0.0179854379865448,0.0191655399861637,0.0204671609052182,0.021567308843955,0.0219275696907627,0.0221314061664062,0.0221405684636983,0.0221792733506473,0.0221967552271722,0.0222937948679642,0.022401685921474,0.022459473230041,0.0226786787587816,0.0228201046199282,0.0229423975260055,0.0227510733548376,0.021531872166133,0.0212100167753961,0.0212339533340949,0.021262210849074,0.0212630800944214,0.0214210744168901,0.0214964699149955,0.0214833694398462,0.0205968158023713,0.0210981811751772,0.0214828622706499,0.0215539644313345,0.0220743668893495,0.0227761179473422,0.0232590955257821,0.0236384857392285,0.0241737697743997,0.024417542749757,0.0246729772255999,0.0250043407731246,0.0254161851266832,0.0262178588721715,0.0266622086872959,0.0268524118362081,0.0272811029660926,0.0277674675187697,0.028215959700091,0.0285632791030445,0.0286487508233659,0.0288805232483595,0.028895061308463,0.0293589657507601,0.0293447140860753,0.029082562680076,0.0290857292020384,0.0289701145875287,0.0288830229326472,0.0288209811240588,0.0286989570506903,0.0285768105381999,0.0285709747382141,0.0287253603035975,0.0288758592659112,0.0288658155730716,0.0288175132354836,0.0288137115687,0.0286891461118239,0.0259892667508177,0.0259681250140162,0.0247907927110484,0.0247627739227682,0.0247841914708855,0.0248715353260903,0.0248893029279612,0.0249302235936341,0.0250289265918251,0.0251261425387008,0.025289065878042,0.0252855545026453,0.0252692763734571,0.0253759323379871,0.0255002032435892,0.0257446786673127,0.0262715167467248,0.027240267236245,0.0276530513537157,0.0276904320046544,0.0277013020761757,0.0279927603328785,0.0285265595941309,0.0286424569114584,0.0286739671319808,0.0286778423047687,0.0288677635941254,0.0289682178353281,0.0290238238276773,0.0290656853077351,0.0290334174126242,0.0289164673728985,0.0286035259286359,0.0285843191144886,0.0291078510411454,0.0296074949846847,0.0298973110111908,0.0298618522336126,0.0300536664022301,0.0301676462098827,0.0302734348795226,0.0305018213310958,0.0311183783762219,0.0313576270485079,0.0313815877225655,0.0310468620489694,0.0311475803448244,0.0313502230376774,0.0314300423214811,0.0315315826883282,0.0315876836233227,0.0321589363937722,0.0322184512028003,0.032451709677472,0.033223668960353,0.0337005200065479,0.0346459913393774,0.0372093908890649,0.0376692350104944,0.0376985069935347,0.0376272000074704,0.0375903330991619,0.0375517816807752,0.0375506203491894,0.0375389979636507,0.037487476215557,0.0374855917843755,0.0375178801451013,0.0375041336468682,0.0376031175376159,0.0375217716543695,0.0376125659266775,0.037651933686956,0.0377191304466148,0.0378040032654298,0.0378141819426419,0.0378324639071784,0.0379193804255939,0.0380155610013497,0.0381703362125834,0.0381128745861748,0.0381195021521784,0.0382214280162324,0.0382978383493643,0.0382759028030057,0.0383321889397464,0.0382660244631908,0.0381661191860332,0.0378310665395446,0.0378359366644917,0.0378572085840407,0.0378758951382971,0.0384638027052398,0.0384366211343408,0.0385706241135235,0.0386132138567517,0.0386620452093174,0.0387726444327039,0.0388192576511109,0.0388267915979229,0.038940824529665,0.0389430592641094,0.0390048739784385,0.0390215541788999,0.0390326476038912,0.0390452528951355,0.0390394043901449,0.0390291531087286,0.0390286249719404,0.0388245234833565,0.0386661342604485,0.037468740571851,0.0361858840503281,0.0349606106325834,0.0345659509060554,0.0343368573214963,0.0340010795170758,0.0337641159442592,0.0335174105285639,0.0332408785898943,0.0328943141374968,0.0325064193316352,0.0323354909501194,0.032161527874386,0.0314684921748056,0.0312118704409228,0.0307805648703865,0.030292836411125,0.0300845250433333,0.0299480820546236,0.0295803464274439,0.0291207784222704,0.028442861576643,0.0272141118680528,0.0269094226809871,0.0260611473721894,0.025410480178492,0.0253398517557983,0.0250808553209715,0.0244594163443919,0.0242058492431661,0.0240032617363199,0.0237180724641731,0.0237072241818102,0.0234788995690901,0.0231933812300796,0.0229482071844982,0.0225283984176749,0.0222645407239165,0.021893420468078,0.0216708945217731,0.0215138374506583,0.02153789630673,0.0214732615422903,0.0211352786264757,0.0210424115156016,0.0209126077613298,0.0209054603212984,0.020201778034831,0.019962550159285,0.0196898933676542,0.0194948899248791,0.0187751751175989,0.0185877668453898,0.0183408701139374,0.0181403950001912,0.0178938036433278,0.0176466582308318,0.0174356986561623,0.0172151652161639,0.01688617930797,0.0161274643307071,0.0160480646387274,0.015673641769256,0.0149815791639521,0.0145668416723824,0.0144936526568929,0.0141075195584468,0.0142605307541218,0.0143954657130226,0.0135129944479125,0.0133448100201046,0.0122262522728508,0.0122247754553098,0.0118133668493348,0.0116181906678553,0.0112617445849859,0.0109860832833284,0.010690155791762,0.0101478184499764,0.00996666852483571,0.00892814772175081,0.00866463130115571,0.00807671503571464,0.00784034082937348,0.0075019652847112,0.00734933960365103,0.00697057170793628,0.00684810875120334,0.00678619021061816,0.00672263797097754,0.00687081339667825,0.00673587308223655,0.00629778686167673,0.00612412349137128,0.00605334656401851,0.0060237381913314,0.00600610206132902,0.00595706454156812,0.00590141066650918,0.00584382690797287,0.00572499639029841,0.00561951328562905,0.00550692332338204,0.00522808502474571,0.00551492163842039,0.00537339323172204,0.00532874366718473,0.00546731817006421,0.00567197413270319,0.00555712128808527,0.00513885801554344,0.00349338123709569,0.00321357560321165,0.00172874704541813,0.00107644806722606,0.000848350016075435,0.00059970127641002,0.000517974800413111,0.000135344769499783,-7.72535043581219e-05,-0.000132638610677554,-0.000149074781236962,-0.000164073796473473,-0.000176198512972124,-0.000188362443806418,-0.000199128444448119,-0.000200683253199141,-0.000206980929401871,-0.000211802237780038,-0.000215186401076893,-0.000218570562573864,-0.000220556801626762,-0.000221105898080286,-0.00022161577300308,-0.000223602009347013,-0.000224111883191691,-0.000226098117614899,-0.000226647211349422,-0.000280104203313263,-0.000317522097531414,-0.000316673254148665,-0.000303075186996175,-0.000347171536825333,-0.000511382378503738,-0.00087511629910918,-0.000857688606132475,-0.000754050286261716,-0.000852282423714288,-0.00340404433316055,-0.00342701028198036,-0.0035983209669231,-0.00349268443678728,-0.0032839715353679,-0.00499381369933598,-0.00502043169258844,-0.00502679540562824,-0.00504920152940396,-0.00514740941447626,-0.00515352806150595,-0.00516239309101108,-0.00522552510301155,-0.00541605486599758,-0.00551154523793179,-0.00553417348993563,-0.00599948906912914,-0.00606432490271615,-0.00611148528253901,-0.00628937306500431,-0.00656510118030996,-0.00668184166218089,-0.00670352067256428,-0.0066930663805603,-0.00662734861080137,-0.00758494351224531,-0.00769206710748622,-0.00784704320923972,-0.00817917570236421,-0.00848601819581359,-0.00870493443908131,-0.0089235062276198,-0.00905223849536319,-0.00916431140109092,-0.00924298799351773,-0.0105454783280915,-0.0118455673427784,-0.0127906271891114,-0.0135131039958747,-0.0142626478157712,-0.014265623645696,-0.0142661261081258,-0.0143888549683206,-0.0143778148376895,-0.014558882426197,-0.0143097329792448,-0.0143079843715674,-0.0142748537407086,-0.0141524296786357,-0.0141520636798877,-0.0141526439756859,-0.0144261956227712,-0.0152238988870974,-0.0158463519206092,-0.0164625891955469,-0.0165691275860209,-0.016885518519486,-0.017364764598073,-0.01798721420444,-0.0179818923447398,-0.0178467436345292,-0.0202613569242868,-0.0203064127598768,-0.0203571394520766,-0.0204681862577231,-0.0205407408506594,-0.0205829210961373,-0.0205963986025692,-0.0206953645376397,-0.021040468085866,-0.0210404303829545,-0.0210416379562614,-0.0214604693222782,-0.0214949589289808,-0.0217186913441321,-0.021961301927623,-0.0221855415310758,-0.0217362872125255,-0.0225553267691694,-0.0219723210544819,-0.021634868806244,-0.0214790780177668,-0.0213843841401199,-0.0213086862414058,-0.0212657729116044,-0.021235765894043,-0.0212187156486105,-0.0211928867567797,-0.0210882841774718,-0.0210415186236232,-0.0210120375016239,-0.0209043643281027,-0.0208089262088153,-0.0207776183900128,-0.021039860863006,-0.0210989441864026,-0.0213395123980498,-0.0216066136089766,-0.0216747495587708,-0.0216333034403145,-0.0209596709531652,-0.020947823420995,-0.0213242413967161,-0.0221023398328191,-0.0222394702998152,-0.0222632836274842,-0.0223559650416928,-0.022394847610587,-0.0225521290923487,-0.0226061234297507,-0.0227182797838253,-0.0229332701714606,-0.0231134934696653,-0.0231571607256763,-0.0234611562304867,-0.0237065680605744,-0.0239266466811321,-0.0241882963424865,-0.0244274508227861,-0.0247702118166711,-0.0251154193041914,-0.0254883253849997,-0.0255981967684838,-0.0256657224163553,-0.0257489386675235,-0.0257714716766856,-0.0257777677161764,-0.0257968107813083,-0.0258190295964835,-0.0259998092105653,-0.0260153103614663,-0.026190057998781,-0.0268362928276796,-0.02704091863248,-0.0271793818009266,-0.0274237581042985,-0.027792149600839,-0.0277945214013482,-0.0278108145158527,-0.0278247686970358,-0.0278437373737711,-0.0278952514143081,-0.0284136469733677,-0.0294696492156213,-0.0296447578277428,-0.0297932904078553,-0.0301069488216598,-0.0302419971520229,-0.030299223730078,-0.0304250990839904,-0.0305996460549914,-0.0310216540909445,-0.0319974772108056,-0.0319426299293802,-0.031820069004904,-0.0323672067185549,-0.0329949928468872,-0.033129008417032,-0.0333736359711525,-0.0335872294855256,-0.0335868437162126,-0.0335879053963241,-0.0336624958595362,-0.0342390579987833,-0.03423828671301,-0.0342270854316046,-0.0342617761434418,-0.0344930731175562,-0.034884104207963,-0.0356106900605374,-0.0358740058959027,-0.0361572913661098,-0.0364972137167347,-0.0374854853434149,-0.0377576674561904,-0.0380854931193538,-0.0383105171282071,-0.0384762870922166,-0.0386173564360612,-0.0389634470139138,-0.0395373669816914,-0.0398104854168149,-0.0399208568307573,-0.0403156928569908,-0.040711052672594,-0.0410689325355507,-0.0411925170095151,-0.0413537648927697,-0.041666504134563,-0.0417124843115206,-0.0416077451242995,-0.0428367118290073,-0.0428717459938174,-0.0429426833497207,-0.0430151444152246,-0.0433194520827875,-0.0435546287261228,-0.0437791464945014,-0.0438254873655759,-0.0436908676593157,-0.0444295383322379,-0.0462885645575486,-0.0462658749106993,-0.0460187282843123,-0.046017060778081,-0.04601545089378,-0.0468909123798436,-0.0472419325767653,-0.047241741043834,-0.0472312399008371,-0.0485536993232029,-0.0487470702696256,-0.0491040483774693,-0.0493323745768283,-0.0497690782280753,-0.050007886102902,-0.0503809408367899,-0.050487741249916,-0.0507377565396668,-0.051253626474789,-0.051773808013889,-0.0517621199834054,-0.0517646459829437,-0.051809088811562,-0.0518650701794364,-0.0525310976455855,-0.0547803854929087,-0.0547883737822787,-0.0548914577821198,-0.0551547729307864,-0.0557920870999091,-0.0558077837189372,-0.0558307672430035,-0.05584007792043,-0.0563106681236242,-0.0564150353015394,-0.0564308463070896,-0.0565804465604972,-0.056735605672208,-0.0567887881616055,-0.0570143290737724,-0.0577478118452697,-0.0581251443440975,-0.0581218886629745,-0.0580806694341033,-0.0581302156914097,-0.0584303688563497,-0.0592751691203172,-0.0596039995653801,-0.0598748879621021,-0.0599854825682139,-0.0614231834588862,-0.0614932668573276,-0.0614846649707533,-0.0615741423075231,-0.0614453518547666,-0.0616381038341272,-0.0619776497030189,-0.0621660910337841,-0.0623273736789564,-0.0626034998785364,-0.0626189004951489,-0.0628132520364394,-0.0629215474053196,-0.0634623608938845,-0.0634607272447387,-0.0634894761127175,-0.0644291468267526,-0.0645320409425793,-0.0646043304584145,-0.0646626199149026,-0.0648702459237047,-0.0648746237887169,-0.064876663464033,-0.0650583455324878,-0.0650769184109055,-0.0652878430047069,-0.0655356858600688,-0.0658416674082923,-0.0660625753594492,-0.0667429465854755,-0.0669319654554128,-0.0674694762501272,-0.0679674254375625,-0.0680070300504866,-0.0679346961645666,-0.0679151372821519,-0.0682441250346695,-0.0686631080818064,-0.0686903821134829,-0.0687874549224155,-0.0688424620308989,-0.0688818930275111,-0.0692290702072388,-0.0696066995147906,-0.0702744724686309,-0.0703171045270898,-0.0703440758184399,-0.0703596987512783,-0.0704008555252474,-0.0704434497990537,-0.0704846066217371,-0.0705272009451635,-0.070571308477911,-0.0706140164085906,-0.0706596371667882,-0.0706653492259056,-0.070735331433373,-0.0708054272256118,-0.0708769983738088,-0.0709486452418806,-0.0709830312047965,-0.0710547159494027,-0.0711264385557546,-0.0711982368610636,-0.0713460702667367,-0.0715508354360197,-0.0719270394551334,-0.0722189996135898,-0.0723805270901891,-0.0727887713765035,-0.0730719921751957,-0.07339531086593,-0.0736517114888958,-0.0738127078269287,-0.0738589716913031,-0.0739067108122157,-0.0739356493318978,-0.0739304315367128,-0.0739848055474314,-0.0741661834454931,-0.0743270910245674,-0.0744907513290357,-0.0747957259065647,-0.0749442639811241,-0.0750286000039398,-0.0750933443131952,-0.0750484277439369,-0.0749702924946027,-0.0749277404003203,-0.0748935847951941,-0.0735861144484096,-0.0728617463571724,-0.0727640625003003,-0.072708750902332,-0.0726301338877578,-0.0725401287720243,-0.0724608680115878,-0.0723833852351975,-0.0722159720937809,-0.072076895954484,-0.0716077974293937,-0.0713349797152959,-0.071109946088177,-0.070943213747654,-0.0706953281017729,-0.0703929988493241,-0.0701872584860904,-0.069984203807724,-0.0696223205650059,-0.0695291726021383,-0.0690216225027414,-0.0686022227064905,-0.0677533380073911,-0.0671515942794402,-0.0667087897235701,-0.0661443213587609,-0.0660429882108064,-0.0659740439291495,-0.0659090710461887,-0.0658343327895136,-0.065788088014457,-0.0656068035677339,-0.0654157984326559,-0.0650864342783182,-0.0648003323268073,-0.0646111984679309,-0.0645603266427423,-0.0645306095151149,-0.0644672148151723,-0.0644203253504574,-0.0643649608486772,-0.0642449266097269,-0.064158233708068,-0.0639828077359947,-0.0635507772142596,-0.0634567799006789,-0.0634574445578468,-0.0635436126108102,-0.0637007610365785,-0.063706879797289,-0.0637335529093145,-0.0637522900712987,-0.0638010013280265,-0.0640535720330939,-0.0642800753974963,-0.0646713284288716,-0.0650262115557385,-0.0646117174548366,-0.0642775645117636,-0.0642188239750291,-0.0641657971459002,-0.0640827885853476,-0.0638704192523374,-0.0637336327507449,-0.0636655384775919,-0.0637497776211496,-0.0637133757162424,-0.0636400212637223,-0.0634841308141428,-0.0633651287033546,-0.0632447249422437,-0.0630839318185606,-0.062901464771905,-0.062569075879215,-0.0623432380130388,-0.0622199392777866,-0.0620797547640144,-0.0618269592924329,-0.0613835845986096,-0.0609726891245249,-0.0596776817965176,-0.0590615535876293,-0.0586875234700805,-0.0586189647560479,-0.0581006749022713,-0.0575613259477832,-0.0565434617661607,-0.0554355181402601,-0.0547487777129806,-0.0543312884776401,-0.054081343190032,-0.0540076036051668,-0.0539539465553027,-0.0539083836257832,-0.0537878448152509,-0.0536450073961008,-0.0535797164755799,-0.0534646104341701,-0.0530700256051657,-0.0509546346759246,-0.0499355371056182,-0.0493664416534309,-0.0490866665658559,-0.0487217649753316,-0.04823982944232,-0.0477579714428508,-0.0469414918353515,-0.0465114884891526,-0.0461507881265284,-0.0458752607174564,-0.0454831912892902,-0.0451789282123866,-0.0451964712532178,-0.0451242651737492,-0.0450006504362564,-0.0448740643456642,-0.044507982427779,-0.0438862063115039,-0.0436628148094154,-0.043189696041172,-0.0429893823439384,-0.0424456929522112,-0.041648675879561,-0.0418251477642915,-0.0419620921115342,-0.042100398294264,-0.0427455996056473,-0.0434522878966957,-0.0446323674444298,-0.0449958213687239,-0.0461603938139329,-0.0461032181260617,-0.0460016639346827,-0.0457813978350305,-0.0457799593899552,-0.0457427479421509,-0.0457174095242005,-0.0456156165409278,-0.0453357571257446,-0.0453035114371167,-0.0452426796109231,-0.0451770471803711,-0.04512328496918,-0.045114160617049,-0.0451056298100588,-0.0451290897318183,-0.0451885675392244,-0.0452368684045048,-0.0453463769837235,-0.0454572901389416,-0.0457204031873131,-0.0459991210725144,-0.0462138185378556,-0.0463636462999198,-0.0465867888939191,-0.0467730275416142,-0.0470375690748176,-0.0473305408223251,-0.047561708582314,-0.0477208465331278,-0.0485401979814378,-0.0482061191563365,-0.0486291612404655,-0.0490558122865472,-0.0494067681474365,-0.0496231161817146,-0.0496700958804346,-0.0499050330788112,-0.0502785697874518,-0.0505200295554414,-0.050888481097279,-0.0508222829406686,-0.0506340271449851,-0.0505751755077384,-0.0510002810433363,-0.0513196461773855,-0.0513266102244651,-0.0511282812127266,-0.0508814383165,-0.0509945369054817,-0.0514464025808392,-0.0516843797801224,-0.0520409515551983,-0.0522818735097796,-0.0521513384332843,-0.0517824915579838,-0.0516866166733845,-0.0516871207496379,-0.0518015101368531,-0.0519805548895314,-0.0521738080353587,-0.0527570407700278,-0.0527630744253158,-0.0527475093200252,-0.052699292258052,-0.0543285621615421,-0.0539473204406874,-0.0539530004528852,-0.0540185118811683,-0.0539998270327222,-0.0537080231938356,-0.0536954387962369,-0.0536541243539517,-0.0536213682954407,-0.0535218019155679,-0.053478161993343,-0.0534702478292754,-0.0535203209702636,-0.0535732638472234,-0.0535735169205681,-0.0535734491515254,-0.0534132193428898,-0.0533588755150366,-0.0533568091911449,-0.0533882794933146,-0.0535069649447489,-0.053514345944661,-0.0534894209215155,-0.0534278278993932,-0.0533060675833338,-0.0532686189780241,-0.0532189296970081,-0.0531877733437085,-0.0531566934538587,-0.0531682452106226,-0.0532604296442414,-0.0532507230157803,-0.0531188253693356,-0.0530527536041904,-0.0530175472881381,-0.0529744789124799,-0.0529427089817337,-0.0528114705324193,-0.0528187354491899,-0.0528575566372399,-0.0529597043741035,-0.0529559685457919,-0.0529495533342771,-0.0529786987831155,-0.052921534147532,-0.052922307376246,-0.0528009500090838,-0.0528326824957764,-0.0528902531118909,-0.0529824043813377,-0.0529847470341148,-0.0531180202217174,-0.0530137022762819,-0.0529644218628848,-0.053000006316441,-0.053001215946034,-0.0530409272411823,-0.0530973674088207,-0.0531691418265712,-0.0531958612950243,-0.0532493839686831,-0.0533148653948933,-0.0534231287634101,-0.053551889513163,-0.0535601768769731,-0.0531402049168991,-0.0531812877966295,-0.0530797300699865,-0.0529491940219821,-0.0529464607207172,-0.052940550036634,-0.0529203683954727,-0.0528940235493211,-0.0528567992104907,-0.0528443655520426,-0.0528805558539071,-0.0529017326674303,-0.0529339421701074,-0.0529942347054072,-0.0530305481515667,-0.0531561104779202,-0.0531861076360356,-0.0532545851097408,-0.0533219526531397,-0.0534061718232386,-0.0535154281407876,-0.0535645669101784,-0.0537288209688645,-0.0539775072559336,-0.052889862968115,-0.0526311862879402,-0.052622128758287,-0.0525005444236586,-0.052412862924674,-0.0521749634268724,-0.0521198449866822,-0.0517503026451615,-0.0513084841981151,-0.0511157415114141,-0.0507700434024619,-0.050738069966401,-0.0506442364707914,-0.0504643921379732,-0.0503845004887595,-0.0503089650995889,-0.0503442218803046,-0.0501087651461758,-0.0501695864249432,-0.0519587310682263,-0.051466140834449,-0.0511516775852039,-0.0508174990507022,-0.0503452504160159,-0.0496574634469883,-0.0497130681987174,-0.0493583486646747,-0.0492609454962062,-0.0492201398236527,-0.0475500521624245,-0.0475957693621637,-0.0465674553881514,-0.046566139140508,-0.0465673905348454,-0.0461644328441216,-0.045927271388187,-0.0458317699635167,-0.0455218198795633,-0.0451157873883516,-0.0451354574348735,-0.0447581570706375,-0.0447370694698301,-0.0445765170177732,-0.0445526997878397,-0.0444988076356961,-0.0427407306956685,-0.0423572954926337,-0.0422258811866002,-0.0425080684437328,-0.0403437766702011,-0.0410557121601089,-0.040070409203359,-0.0405633744023205,-0.0405530663800994,-0.0403702577611139,-0.0399662612845775,-0.0399342828212423,-0.0399023043487938,-0.0398703644149626,-0.0398369849229717,-0.0398036825209442,-0.0397718196639302,-0.0397370777003999,-0.0397038523839454,-0.0396879787756461,-0.0396547920072385,-0.0396201656866091,-0.0395870560217481,-0.0395539849119167,-0.0395194742539676,-0.0394864417042225,-0.0394534477140681,-0.0394204537288545,-0.0393860587558628,-0.0393531418971023,-0.0393202250458505,-0.0392873467612856,-0.0392559080346489,-0.0392230683278661,-0.039191668179801,-0.0391745092801416,-0.0391331479947705,-0.0390932648380807,-0.0390519807163834,-0.0390136142743198,-0.0389738468718505,-0.0389355190388399,-0.0388986693406106,-0.0388604186875652,-0.0388236461726279,-0.0387883132275287,-0.0387515793330585,-0.0387177245516686,-0.0387078406025489,-0.0386669424263213,-0.0386275224001525,-0.038589619096696,-0.0385516772583601,-0.0385138126049014,-0.0384788656425555,-0.0384439187181648,-0.0384104113684262,-0.0383867879246394,-0.0382350216555107,-0.0381240378221065,-0.0380915845034432,-0.0380576530949278,-0.0380237217087604,-0.0379897517611017,-0.0379543423060225,-0.0379174161744925,-0.0378833305324785,-0.0378464044396457,-0.0378094011923315,-0.0377709584357728,-0.0377324771084342,-0.0376939186185477,-0.0376538820262686,-0.0376510415653411,-0.0376209658916403,-0.0375908516319976,-0.0375606987846505,-0.0375305459405504,-0.0375003930996977,-0.0374759597680906,-0.0373768641237583,-0.0373150803555925,-0.0352387216093306,-0.0333273155477514,-0.0333040894353065,-0.0332477972770693,-0.0329109223829939,-0.0325503561272178,-0.0325812136090533,-0.0324128719994269],"lat":[51.4930554772886,51.4930256055403,51.4929098096239,51.4929216269544,51.4928511000165,51.4928150973832,51.4927898153313,51.4926963157001,51.4925911629739,51.4924644675162,51.4920682929368,51.4917984559867,51.4916199348892,51.4908994093723,51.4904018030082,51.4901116388238,51.4899585919606,51.4897149376804,51.4897003180062,51.4893466527675,51.4889454567147,51.4888258995792,51.4887649423936,51.4886972594278,51.4886650579109,51.4883040351485,51.4882493372497,51.4877163514429,51.4875491000169,51.4871326123698,51.4867256674518,51.4865792558451,51.4864978278491,51.4862994186785,51.4860889871823,51.4856894207427,51.4855580033332,51.4855530981109,51.4855462016976,51.4852902858554,51.4850215951754,51.4849848247126,51.4846370609899,51.4843432365857,51.4841967624392,51.4834344372386,51.4825729525534,51.4821885129631,51.4820439065834,51.4819434534524,51.4818284506856,51.4815763647436,51.4815095984274,51.4811969907373,51.4807372758365,51.4802419948829,51.4796287528176,51.4796995561231,51.479935651693,51.4802305670413,51.4803658410003,51.4807270907599,51.4807838447023,51.4808164829399,51.4808484643004,51.480858804319,51.4808800472752,51.4807196745003,51.4804094900369,51.4802994495581,51.4802292173669,51.4801767364537,51.4798292825804,51.4797664779963,51.4797077531258,51.4796345532048,51.4795987059804,51.4794635738374,51.4792061602523,51.4791678089759,51.478239327449,51.4782170071794,51.4779839028132,51.4779719079102,51.4780039203859,51.4779256438909,51.4779186459854,51.4779117480183,51.4778937263813,51.4778807325693,51.4776862182667,51.4776110977942,51.4773035779401,51.4772429585052,51.4772129891148,51.4771818302016,51.4771070072995,51.4771385096714,51.4767861363083,51.4766621769485,51.4766304098714,51.4766029658123,51.4764436201424,51.4763934920232,51.4763515486723,51.476303776513,51.476261784621,51.4762445652675,51.4762127737372,51.4762166351696,51.4762107818555,51.4762125299888,51.4759202778108,51.4759687537571,51.4758771664503,51.475805670901,51.4758754007679,51.4759268176267,51.4759783800686,51.4760126010581,51.4760370583439,51.476094083773,51.4760997425358,51.475834918554,51.4757992655097,51.4757397628336,51.4756858947121,51.4756385111605,51.475625517722,51.4756081769338,51.4755878731353,51.4755774783216,51.4755554936892,51.4754420968052,51.4754110330591,51.4753969943923,51.4753799179768,51.4753539066932,51.4753190533318,51.4752540368401,51.4751945826924,51.4750814785875,51.474730874914,51.4745325487956,51.4744642298232,51.4742827096788,51.4742709328183,51.4740994922816,51.4740879073666,51.4739854160754,51.4739664258459,51.474086865074,51.4740859433551,51.4740608808172,51.4740396305789,51.4740159757421,51.4739523452287,51.4739476093838,51.4740259836831,51.4739336702666,51.4738754543728,51.4738175309068,51.4737435293246,51.4737059819094,51.4736622169875,51.4735891862992,51.4735209886262,51.4734825424353,51.4734451891724,51.4734107260726,51.4733475316261,51.47321414797,51.4731976571274,51.4731837163677,51.4731699940073,51.4731742672464,51.4731599615862,51.4731239676255,51.4730832622818,51.4730177359324,51.4729878143928,51.4729219726213,51.4728483106333,51.4727821534518,51.4727252010941,51.4726764334406,51.4726129239062,51.4724172459627,51.4723712223053,51.4722871167327,51.4721845772455,51.4720974595456,51.4720788798193,51.4720554182307,51.472041938561,51.4720275597383,51.4720470804206,51.4720111108249,51.4719854878073,51.47193815222,51.4714673980409,51.471229264717,51.471137871821,51.4711894789254,51.4711021909146,51.4710693331866,51.4710634318896,51.4708793611569,51.4707481850378,51.4706454249907,51.4705249186193,51.4706110414512,51.470586852718,51.4705500355877,51.4705000057589,51.4702509181003,51.4700623039624,51.4700595595005,51.4699488373457,51.4697124701874,51.4696052147567,51.4695259605622,51.4694783990321,51.4694615886538,51.4694333363112,51.4694104751749,51.4693420312184,51.4693402339938,51.4692985084868,51.4692476995163,51.4690560707115,51.4692275218192,51.4690488156892,51.468995795525,51.4688602205361,51.4685491879494,51.4684800876072,51.4683302266473,51.4682619272201,51.468150491798,51.4680363089776,51.4680397302334,51.468233932629,51.4683076831326,51.4684720102783,51.4687670566889,51.4689365317918,51.4693794247605,51.4696560185151,51.4697822205324,51.47005009239,51.4701183899372,51.4706715655967,51.4713992957959,51.4717689822952,51.4718867025509,51.4719171461976,51.4719179473406,51.4721312835193,51.4721520002928,51.4725221638653,51.4726754512087,51.4724924498407,51.4723937040686,51.472370204101,51.4723521404454,51.4723407245745,51.472388529621,51.4725525676514,51.4726077731793,51.4727345729836,51.4727396793531,51.4727546832965,51.4727565752291,51.4726291023214,51.4725789988118,51.4725547040651,51.4724009069535,51.4721181180677,51.4719529698045,51.4718368127487,51.471822187566,51.4718154378181,51.4718118807097,51.471834504541,51.4718482607881,51.4718787948176,51.4719374982933,51.4720234747342,51.4721521489131,51.4722605930177,51.4723487790822,51.4724463648098,51.4726814822513,51.4728721844056,51.4729551709283,51.4731727807558,51.4733408063935,51.4734332956729,51.4735321356391,51.4737423752731,51.4738447534653,51.4738532262227,51.473715246704,51.4734315180969,51.4733486450151,51.4733137248298,51.4730798789139,51.4728169370429,51.4725293457962,51.4722743100708,51.4719123003766,51.4715698864688,51.4712731028039,51.4706200377167,51.4701669879978,51.4700797580085,51.4700527259619,51.470000459056,51.4699513242049,51.4699188836316,51.469850333792,51.4696347686058,51.4694911573873,51.4694456184519,51.4693235086924,51.4691315236536,51.4689812295218,51.4691162841922,51.4691597551886,51.4691608517105,51.4691692527472,51.4692143149399,51.469254199426,51.4693655271978,51.4694564173732,51.4695717668402,51.4697016653756,51.4697444420986,51.4697933340848,51.4698294313139,51.4698296268551,51.4698302850281,51.4698790315707,51.4698971023188,51.4698524361052,51.4698069869445,51.468796650857,51.4684312219233,51.4682857821631,51.4681218177365,51.4679916942546,51.46789228668,51.4677382930022,51.4676246805918,51.4674911355442,51.4673576246169,51.4672646340137,51.4670724305142,51.4669569099401,51.466831924677,51.4668065232346,51.4667574432151,51.466723821331,51.4667136957012,51.4666534671283,51.4664785686338,51.4663413061105,51.4662694035586,51.46622859126,51.4662007047069,51.4661237492643,51.466096809921,51.46606725248,51.4659956046915,51.4658743177687,51.4658200320387,51.4655645452223,51.4653169511792,51.4651095364615,51.4648537206243,51.4647359055847,51.4646571604755,51.4645810865013,51.464449458371,51.4640872081961,51.4640366647657,51.4638419017324,51.4636383608983,51.4632715434283,51.4630128920263,51.4627737384579,51.4625053503099,51.4622899193621,51.4620647764564,51.4617252048107,51.4614008846564,51.4611497702282,51.4608766948244,51.4602953475797,51.4598395713902,51.4595538769964,51.4593408951137,51.4590340856703,51.4586727927243,51.458464596121,51.4580879277794,51.4578542246315,51.4575198145187,51.4571974415388,51.4571664696575,51.4570160538191,51.4569650165821,51.4568775417755,51.4567659674711,51.4566994464974,51.4566850442395,51.4566152598046,51.4566143118435,51.4565500477969,51.4564600302581,51.4563070410091,51.4561774786433,51.4560370923041,51.45596833305,51.4558657849046,51.4557267660853,51.4556870321966,51.4556395655434,51.4555550435905,51.4554699598673,51.4553381795585,51.4550460566671,51.4550391724003,51.4547934770639,51.4547515648695,51.4547043106037,51.4545944344101,51.4545737419582,51.4544303454373,51.4543644261618,51.4542868003872,51.4541877568387,51.4541121262829,51.4538182013657,51.4535961640176,51.45326705249,51.4531381644873,51.4530396306161,51.4530022187224,51.4515898748756,51.4515826613479,51.4516884731948,51.4517049041042,51.4513488011027,51.4511964990698,51.4511230686027,51.4507350933078,51.4507320689043,51.4502269015877,51.450621838483,51.4506043436924,51.4500318726188,51.4495276872893,51.4494123678026,51.4492805352427,51.4491304092039,51.4490134196566,51.4489586449244,51.4487186183882,51.4486654028772,51.4485316418972,51.4484387145837,51.4482571846699,51.4481258270635,51.4480331035658,51.4476525232925,51.447433356524,51.4472046276999,51.4471413827951,51.4467775242446,51.4466913481251,51.4457017284022,51.4452336159651,51.4449925941461,51.4446598340689,51.4444445053303,51.4444411341459,51.4442109171529,51.4434091088538,51.4427352097786,51.4427159979137,51.4425739280149,51.442367575287,51.442192872566,51.4420838051661,51.4419531595513,51.4419012876361,51.4418528108932,51.4417967268615,51.4417383519206,51.4416444602538,51.4416053031556,51.4415786329606,51.4415433414031,51.4415106476479,51.4415325640524,51.4415769132338,51.4415898224362,51.4416244798278,51.4416278253004,51.4417052259568,51.4416434223387,51.4414752989506,51.4413844167849,51.4412758066615,51.4411289329146,51.4409303665114,51.4406770828705,51.4404534774851,51.4401918877838,51.4397467695268,51.4393763586122,51.4392146618982,51.4390338432425,51.4387857074951,51.4387671801312,51.4383651386203,51.4384401443608,51.4382374673338,51.4381570161086,51.437925531003,51.43755801486,51.437211484833,51.4370956699369,51.43682238185,51.4367757381254,51.436100260874,51.4360859330548,51.4360106747369,51.4356895869682,51.4357342020427,51.4359916676318,51.4361920932332,51.4365593343684,51.4365557910987,51.4365551444114,51.4365081937355,51.4364941582412,51.4364291653602,51.4364145694865,51.4364113262479,51.4364013670795,51.4359142662663,51.4354862679219,51.4350527508943,51.4346662343973,51.4343601379936,51.4342209753584,51.4340420395439,51.4340306813198,51.4337671220315,51.4335165639711,51.433368559049,51.4333475904074,51.4332282608157,51.4331381569026,51.43309046102,51.4330172598006,51.4327107126913,51.4325905588634,51.4325793521865,51.4322011597969,51.432104090445,51.4322939240727,51.4323743752923,51.4324904212437,51.4325550963998,51.4323626385755,51.4321152032825,51.4318926328472,51.4322353591993,51.431699206935,51.4320937692609,51.4331535593277,51.4333353141009,51.4333464958547,51.432907986268,51.4327584469718,51.4324740445081,51.4324156113066,51.4323807413263,51.4322251617821,51.4320858056812,51.4317767902885,51.4315971726603,51.4314614586332,51.4313792395248,51.4311888115875,51.4311035945304,51.4309648359021,51.4306090426377,51.4305468151137,51.4304403818119,51.4302275389331,51.4300289234159,51.4294983525346,51.4294678768995,51.4294551716766,51.4292240818346,51.4290015292064,51.4287995719146,51.4280279069584,51.4279957841976,51.4279489603656,51.4277902178521,51.4277703489306,51.4276018130132,51.4276014880842,51.4275912638007,51.4271744689266,51.4266946183903,51.426520315769,51.426518567058,51.4265148445284,51.4262370541759,51.4260831455546,51.4260919530992,51.4260775256762,51.425688858813,51.4255788559502,51.4255049216477,51.425368011153,51.4251396947488,51.4247801594535,51.4246713552581,51.4246749061842,51.4246389923525,51.4235581926697,51.4223655560515,51.4231152584533,51.4233945937295,51.4236126002813,51.4238900121669,51.4240928663185,51.424238334862,51.4243924138981,51.424556699929,51.4247945436662,51.4248649542004,51.4249318199696,51.4253602032857,51.4255094358776,51.4256769827794,51.4258697861882,51.4259732151774,51.4260753989811,51.4264441789031,51.4267533963944,51.4271671110513,51.4280714669773,51.4282404062523,51.4287388875968,51.4289893431191,51.4289536931262,51.4288223770453,51.4285300552674,51.4284238233804,51.4283643724865,51.4282586856601,51.4282085132009,51.428087455374,51.4278765569974,51.4277647818377,51.4276074588229,51.4274960046762,51.4273009687212,51.4271807066544,51.4271096747037,51.4270355186167,51.4270051586246,51.4268437214291,51.4268255387435,51.4268178850125,51.4268189075422,51.4269110755197,51.4269664580368,51.4270466967533,51.427028474372,51.4270507660558,51.4270090300215,51.4269557282584,51.4269438928278,51.4269301532442,51.4269038327436,51.4268499103899,51.4267745696969,51.4266210590106,51.4262474226469,51.4262083208739,51.4261662000026,51.4261628129872,51.4261852306613,51.4261891865694,51.4261751396951,51.4256311428619,51.4252322407148,51.4250855349479,51.4246954385696,51.4241840735835,51.4241831996593,51.4240517735028,51.4237017064076,51.423609802551,51.4234904322841,51.4232697903428,51.4226783742913,51.4224836394991,51.4228440723178,51.4229358194141,51.4230430169017,51.422474225096,51.4217767844122,51.4213792188572,51.4214666412681,51.4214948175641,51.4213618850428,51.4212244840593,51.4211922704553,51.4209355883287,51.4210150314955,51.4207608101625,51.4206882807023,51.4206033558607,51.4204633699585,51.4202960438468,51.4201746942775,51.4200749604503,51.4199232172816,51.4198135117606,51.4197057263279,51.4193157135462,51.4191327476036,51.4190209608667,51.4189866529525,51.4186695333349,51.4185149517084,51.4184539676574,51.4182300097577,51.4174047351337,51.4175839788809,51.4185580917362,51.4182769657082,51.4181585582334,51.4180306090667,51.4179375797874,51.4177714491121,51.4176455810702,51.4175628931714,51.4175487851718,51.417534652645,51.4175204710668,51.4175053908763,51.4174893875489,51.4174867162402,51.417474233783,51.4174626254122,51.4174509925171,51.4174393596218,51.4174268035912,51.4174142230365,51.4174025410928,51.4173899850621,51.4173783031184,51.4173657470875,51.4173531665326,51.4170510212523,51.4165561562395,51.4165426525483,51.4164587874307,51.4163381370163,51.4162662986442,51.4161043387268,51.4160752644509,51.4159125252109,51.4159025103776,51.4156609420237,51.4156289592178,51.4155590360778,51.4153099343589,51.4150500834887,51.4145899960194,51.4146722836564,51.414691276874,51.4147051475113,51.4147616754103,51.4148193334928,51.4149130095284,51.4149824294691,51.4152968234127,51.4154819017732,51.4157880420729,51.416034269665,51.4159985023768,51.4159723263958,51.4159825471479,51.4159917341433,51.415490123219,51.4151901325022,51.4149345591956,51.4146600602521,51.4144991870367,51.4144830227051,51.4144577796887,51.4143932815656,51.4143481368769,51.4142745189461,51.4141757149249,51.4140924705194,51.4139954537611,51.4138726897358,51.4135512842761,51.4135499671814,51.4135776876246,51.4135980304174,51.4136574964084,51.4137879423098,51.4138095335232,51.4138313972419,51.4139202388096,51.4139233066873,51.4149271770143,51.4149343416168,51.414935578788,51.4149397992271,51.4150809798251,51.415100773796,51.4150937184042,51.4150379870792,51.4150107579959,51.4149942117447,51.4149915185815,51.4149914774568,51.4150166728021,51.4150559789016,51.4150792701339,51.4157433496269,51.4159775106965,51.4159998545138,51.4160240926657,51.4160502490005,51.4160352875458,51.4159910361062,51.4159786738578,51.4159515685171,51.4160194469251,51.4160536188529,51.4161588547715,51.416351178008,51.4163184870156,51.4164661485219,51.416609631844,51.4167456103837,51.4172910833127,51.4175414164586,51.4178535189465,51.4181077139722,51.4182849394209,51.4184128366675,51.4186004068961,51.4188280988464,51.4193563674009,51.4194181296608,51.4194833408002,51.4196074733848,51.4196912157813,51.4197410774901,51.4198363811799,51.4199148051292,51.4199403554372,51.4200958626574,51.4201265364973,51.4202511016086,51.4203940996804,51.4204483072553,51.4204754852005,51.4209200451849,51.4209279386128,51.4211708044978,51.4216713473302,51.4217599922039,51.4217747825045,51.4216936130334,51.4216591973581,51.4215809163652,51.4215629425907,51.4216970286467,51.4219479568878,51.4221713199457,51.4222260131455,51.4225144127364,51.4227271836385,51.4228603905061,51.4230302688714,51.4231548036063,51.4232783862438,51.4233786279009,51.4234703424302,51.4235576247378,51.4236262080484,51.4236644802388,51.4236756511356,51.423696440552,51.4237552143031,51.4237403008823,51.4236174472807,51.4236249025838,51.4237087806573,51.4240002368382,51.4240918108617,51.4241498968618,51.4242871031378,51.4244839495586,51.42449568006,51.4245849825678,51.4246283826356,51.4246889533275,51.4246952158283,51.424916166909,51.4253799677005,51.4254557531056,51.4255140052454,51.4256460755392,51.4256834171169,51.4256906738363,51.4257071776971,51.4256957224871,51.4256497558507,51.4255366502451,51.4252731408125,51.4247108340091,51.4246984385344,51.4246837970003,51.4246446795161,51.4246424897793,51.4246595628878,51.4246685491685,51.4247108329224,51.4247156815166,51.4247550296646,51.4247730022327,51.4251010498091,51.4250971352952,51.4250704391858,51.4250086514994,51.4250046452476,51.4250027635138,51.4250048129115,51.4249943213863,51.4249928888484,51.4247168725307,51.4243842334933,51.42413440471,51.4239582236002,51.4239893613677,51.4240697927141,51.4242043937121,51.4242422352167,51.4242512753709,51.4243019425885,51.4243067542249,51.4242461903036,51.4241817096011,51.4240773908649,51.4238613955116,51.4238288906586,51.4236544797949,51.4232370629408,51.4232250581543,51.4233827164919,51.4234037105183,51.4232837923694,51.4231995896605,51.4231628701089,51.4231555501378,51.4229060026376,51.4227528640742,51.4223666061741,51.4226288159702,51.4226228970998,51.4227631560611,51.4228008987327,51.4228127938819,51.4228114489685,51.4228159421469,51.4228598315987,51.4228458883105,51.4228311224843,51.4227912024136,51.4227662262076,51.4227456165386,51.4227109214297,51.422664970054,51.4226226822627,51.4225611938936,51.4225391975768,51.4225172706647,51.4226906361447,51.4229694528966,51.4235816975655,51.4235844266795,51.4236170784278,51.4237272740591,51.4237085219138,51.4234827167581,51.4229385301226,51.4230714054517,51.4230743636621,51.4230072994643,51.4229912670042,51.422985583444,51.4229666310181,51.4229668932235,51.4229666762285,51.4229710475783,51.4229719293879,51.4230125389578,51.4231164226397,51.4231730345994,51.4231819733817,51.4232721169401,51.4232909233397,51.42340380893,51.4236983742824,51.4238135302405,51.4239043450184,51.4239421466542,51.4244686294288,51.4245120544308,51.4245793575563,51.4246743617921,51.4247945325857,51.4248624682405,51.4249966793595,51.4250645428525,51.4251283599391,51.4251976723817,51.4251736466236,51.4252038373469,51.4252281090891,51.4252631252425,51.4253017669325,51.4253022419554,51.4253276564086,51.4250712647166,51.4250625665094,51.4250788166791,51.4251353020606,51.4252019204398,51.4252217380914,51.4252454209891,51.4252484254343,51.4252609002213,51.4252847752488,51.4253284939258,51.4250704513742,51.4253433642397,51.4253977404679,51.4256134371254,51.4258122922423,51.4258282327165,51.4259061761694,51.4259265369744,51.4259706285906,51.4259955190934,51.4259968678042,51.4259121373686,51.425835706443,51.425616934026,51.4257413577069,51.4258941593163,51.4260913051844,51.4261036976342,51.4261122351409,51.4261169887163,51.4261302561166,51.4261435471686,51.42615681454,51.426170105562,51.4261816229381,51.4261922179863,51.4262019616982,51.4262029549991,51.4262148982501,51.4262241455166,51.4262325177544,51.4262390926532,51.4262423564269,51.4262480326134,51.4262528101083,51.4262557902637,51.4262636187036,51.42628587279,51.4263019542553,51.4263031598082,51.4262932267745,51.4262657681786,51.4262353534348,51.4262091942398,51.4262008189755,51.4261692927519,51.426163758187,51.4261573485778,51.4261533277976,51.4262089968115,51.4265237357112,51.4270680768875,51.4274493134904,51.4276282592912,51.4281071845614,51.4283722111994,51.4285561481659,51.4287955180309,51.4291796678253,51.4295326968186,51.4296551978742,51.4297490601947,51.4313516588395,51.4320870439981,51.432186156031,51.432235605634,51.432291866135,51.4323452415,51.4323826066394,51.4324119075396,51.4324586139495,51.4324815059519,51.4324836808855,51.4324710985307,51.4324512085051,51.4324475651971,51.4324578734375,51.4324969607602,51.4325313427822,51.4325702650183,51.4326569302694,51.432682374212,51.4328457740831,51.4329998331386,51.4334444695799,51.4336917392083,51.433922742819,51.4343091097597,51.4343919691962,51.434457377584,51.4345309448959,51.4346313291308,51.434704306152,51.4350790078811,51.43541128319,51.4359193297079,51.4362887027329,51.4366785609103,51.4367928274665,51.4368831630318,51.4369873307908,51.4370414119577,51.4370917560696,51.4371743051404,51.4372169376025,51.4372823846983,51.4374955691047,51.4375407781874,51.4376271190908,51.4377670302802,51.4379296964659,51.4379891493611,51.4382090118449,51.438990786865,51.4395401460636,51.4408491580606,51.4409032578997,51.441008638123,51.4411574808426,51.4415337264664,51.4418474493104,51.4419094281013,51.4419724004949,51.4420978265509,51.4425259681956,51.4428681288813,51.443355307235,51.4441534512234,51.4445377370796,51.4448090038613,51.4452623579589,51.4455580499574,51.4458528194034,51.4461837913699,51.4464487583206,51.4469576468356,51.4471931194788,51.4473520504179,51.447535881599,51.4477960871165,51.4481385709897,51.4484276343352,51.4489988240971,51.4493078645304,51.4495076034629,51.4495631219982,51.4499403236396,51.4503387565189,51.4499396963705,51.4494932702543,51.4491941099586,51.4489938382406,51.4488134325207,51.4487537558774,51.4487294841004,51.4487179364498,51.4487096403463,51.4487180599982,51.4487304649353,51.4487636251127,51.4488371071651,51.4495078806633,51.4498488412895,51.4500318164937,51.4501125912572,51.4501307980241,51.4500921996286,51.4500518019963,51.4499608641919,51.4499195268178,51.449873048118,51.4501912934271,51.450643384825,51.4509602501209,51.4510549660539,51.4512291196535,51.4512927048738,51.4513247659453,51.4517071444634,51.4524143883425,51.4526570605062,51.4531185829332,51.4531916769694,51.4538894256404,51.4549903095195,51.4550373216904,51.455099860239,51.4551642199099,51.4554924364144,51.4559313864576,51.4565769678035,51.4566612660637,51.4569630521805,51.4571221691886,51.4571744326806,51.4576806468074,51.4576806228286,51.4578103965685,51.4578981025653,51.4581580929665,51.4589807547788,51.4590953235874,51.4594072549623,51.4598315148916,51.4602811522376,51.460595744263,51.4609301300892,51.4613244010996,51.4618190915089,51.4622047839536,51.4626067844501,51.4629422623422,51.4635230798466,51.4639746620975,51.4642399274252,51.464406091108,51.4646085476562,51.4647312533201,51.464908319919,51.4650265077319,51.4651760392043,51.4652254512749,51.4656266770296,51.4658980902507,51.4660723961656,51.4662296744965,51.4663389299528,51.4663973846391,51.4664098566615,51.4664713178647,51.4665575653204,51.4666011484,51.466637849624,51.4666709212205,51.4667640128195,51.46679360936,51.4671226148999,51.467365330213,51.4673708415688,51.4674637665334,51.4675801648506,51.4677304241833,51.468344041298,51.4685710145286,51.4689546317002,51.4692140261987,51.4693377549483,51.4696139962116,51.4697014304485,51.4697571933805,51.4700801325446,51.4706091787045,51.4712104019167,51.4729331928316,51.4738397535641,51.4763016858139,51.4780085909345,51.4786057730448,51.4792055509978,51.4792074438014,51.4792247178705,51.4792576805839,51.4797861016055,51.4798110721445,51.4798004944242,51.4797918572896,51.4799655612014,51.4800772449096,51.4801616444713,51.4802371147626,51.4802451877677,51.4802730691949,51.4803423115018,51.4803171698898,51.4803081742886,51.4803567003132,51.4803617191115,51.4803816747637,51.4804789179515,51.480489295357,51.4805152507934,51.4807704192058,51.4808381416214,51.4809227468311,51.4809779839784,51.4810314238564,51.4810307163935,51.4810304484293,51.4810554666987,51.4814471549195,51.4817473116951,51.4819652485481,51.4824015762662,51.4826402532396,51.482644368754,51.4827443078265,51.4827458517673,51.4827484472654,51.4828023411362,51.4829191390695,51.4833845430569,51.4834078739794,51.4834573463942,51.4834661223153,51.4835664676917,51.4835674237079,51.4835680546458,51.483580683255,51.4843742492844,51.484388703944,51.4843959790376,51.484608796415,51.4846142120895,51.4848315942938,51.4851634608619,51.4851691488878,51.4852181528069,51.4852127465731,51.4852309197358,51.4852929677955,51.4855163243805,51.4857952339814,51.4858485125473,51.4859660990531,51.4859832974115,51.4860045108271,51.4861024852866,51.4862750459475,51.4863430549412,51.486386681445,51.4864490118393,51.4864703877203,51.4866013820453,51.4866790704455,51.4867344604243,51.4868406755124,51.4868673571408,51.4869629654288,51.4869688590547,51.4869843841802,51.4870259695083,51.4870777264581,51.4872180268759,51.4872817910724,51.4875174269574,51.4879352159699,51.4876338922406,51.4875522598373,51.4875620013241,51.487711058484,51.4877743492355,51.4878135623609,51.4878225386707,51.4878074067048,51.4877982665792,51.4878256382927,51.4879269046697,51.4879335672805,51.4878708574039,51.4879335137983,51.4880167163851,51.4880990920858,51.488116764329,51.488334967566,51.4883611583471,51.489135486035,51.4894384471075,51.4895501255911,51.4896174115649,51.489747148073,51.48986430531,51.4899452646818,51.4900211975269,51.4900420587978,51.4899856255527,51.4903696929976,51.4904459924315,51.4907445084389,51.4904720092832,51.4903416367326,51.4903663975252,51.4902194625298,51.4901621166045,51.4902351869014,51.4903318340361,51.4903771252066,51.4904418765615,51.4903623896179,51.490142090245,51.4901264055646,51.4901066222792,51.4900215361151,51.4900277250979,51.4900354230128,51.4902406702072,51.4910624200348,51.491827899945,51.4921630484587,51.4927944776531,51.4927997009999,51.492829918978,51.4929454670345,51.4929521266395,51.4929587862356,51.4929645472019,51.4929702840962,51.4929742237391,51.4929781874366,51.4929821029963,51.492984245369,51.492984879274,51.4929861230119,51.4929873426744,51.4929867891516,51.4929853369987,51.4929838607692,51.4929815099766,51.4929782605539,51.4929750111221,51.4929708389915,51.4929657922995,51.4929607455984,51.4929548002674,51.4929488789979,51.4929420350285,51.4929352151213,51.4929322304034,51.4929225461184,51.4929119872709,51.4929005057167,51.4928881736745,51.4928749189256,51.4928616882377,51.492847582992,51.4928325550393,51.4928166525296,51.4928007740849,51.4927839729327,51.4927672199233,51.4927625582822,51.4927420903914,51.4927207479444,51.4926976323226,51.492675415309,51.492651401043,51.4926265363047,51.4926016715564,51.4925768308786,51.4925566518598,51.4924677834784,51.4924020788551,51.4923862483735,51.4923712924183,51.4923563364534,51.4923422790989,51.4923281976485,51.4923158893409,51.4923045278161,51.4922922194864,51.4922817083852,51.492271173184,51.4922615365902,51.4922536972237,51.4922467323746,51.4922457855749,51.4922416852032,51.4922384834437,51.4922361802963,51.4922338771411,51.4922315739782,51.4922302657957,51.4922232116825,51.4922194797959,51.4926334420164,51.4929961782968,51.4930002850896,51.492868947385,51.4929307417494,51.4930074251821,51.4930268274957,51.4930554772886]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.024847351506038,-0.0247916458401446,-0.0246827707809883,-0.0240429658213817,-0.024072526787998,-0.0232078084121742,-0.0226596692843988,-0.022768155257719,-0.0226138015249508,-0.0224485218229255,-0.0211830530716015,-0.0208145270655907,-0.0207194201309767,-0.0205332909246194,-0.020154965605345,-0.0192930225178236,-0.0188186248390441,-0.0187933066106674,-0.0187017566133388,-0.0185966435709677,-0.018528547720457,-0.0184905504241619,-0.0184138529431582,-0.0181898611772911,-0.0179572269469665,-0.0165217248960851,-0.0165096971228778,-0.0164947736271763,-0.0170921768430825,-0.0171165672380599,-0.0176446281667056,-0.0178753075987566,-0.0181613892413801,-0.0184009114557492,-0.0185837634113886,-0.0187277581116582,-0.01893472633835,-0.020014681004047,-0.0204180309005636,-0.020367433745228,-0.0225235072038224,-0.0230709522800102,-0.0231207626681146,-0.0231612732011441,-0.0247198681711953,-0.026408704876031,-0.0263683764539135,-0.026065125192995,-0.0259521413551235,-0.0258829925134019,-0.0258191377097027,-0.0257391631772635,-0.0255780902991585,-0.0252959876837259,-0.0252896596555573,-0.0252222333300948,-0.0252072082312125,-0.0252012985450697,-0.0250298114384544,-0.024847351506038],"lat":[51.4855462016976,51.4855353713823,51.4856216655711,51.4853617882287,51.4853110280903,51.4849565296729,51.4847422541513,51.4845984020772,51.4845373466997,51.4846622554271,51.4841831781414,51.4840456649623,51.4840134844297,51.4839545876999,51.4838438850535,51.4836260930636,51.4835056696948,51.4834252069499,51.4831448865765,51.4826790874567,51.482455817205,51.4823688452231,51.48224434915,51.4819959621599,51.4818805205001,51.4816386224958,51.4813515520084,51.4812307974152,51.4804405519957,51.4804094900369,51.4807196745003,51.4808800472752,51.480858804319,51.4808484643004,51.4808164829399,51.4807838447023,51.4807270907599,51.4803658410003,51.4802305670413,51.479935651693,51.4796995561231,51.4796287528176,51.4802419948829,51.4807372758365,51.4811969907373,51.4815095984274,51.4815763647436,51.4818284506856,51.4819434534524,51.4820439065834,51.4821885129631,51.4825729525534,51.4834344372386,51.4841967624392,51.4843432365857,51.4846370609899,51.4849848247126,51.4850215951754,51.4852902858554,51.4855462016976]}],[{"lng":[0.120210839063794,0.120535195752488,0.120579093805514,0.120599945183753,0.120625283019367,0.120679107375322,0.120694740039723,0.120705885978062,0.120697419493382,0.120746048690354,0.120779857207868,0.120847533715224,0.120823296120283,0.120857234593212,0.120929123054872,0.120945194503935,0.120914818726493,0.120919474313938,0.120926758910676,0.120981909154171,0.120999130679548,0.121023340391345,0.121045113760174,0.12108230054855,0.121085242963796,0.121164256379776,0.121196499462521,0.121187803671872,0.121232952496853,0.121241432091199,0.121278565254984,0.12129277509481,0.121334583851675,0.121429186129841,0.121520028661593,0.121527037680806,0.121532565695302,0.121496524050179,0.121454828637739,0.121444399973609,0.121448405452442,0.121467241426457,0.121514695382324,0.121945582994531,0.121964834567165,0.122022630444328,0.122073667446026,0.12206976096573,0.12207749460213,0.12205957522068,0.122097970168065,0.122134967930548,0.122232488068202,0.122506693240974,0.122638160818283,0.122986301222783,0.123302729721168,0.123458480047215,0.123707187432002,0.123908467913461,0.123973670446323,0.12404031139641,0.124160769862762,0.124053707178173,0.123886009703948,0.123814359269416,0.123676833143492,0.123439689607854,0.12293595012094,0.122610484919471,0.122223101775392,0.121856736880489,0.121765166070597,0.121384262726455,0.121010885272865,0.120730975642973,0.120590186686774,0.120232448803471,0.11987287676805,0.119703496675641,0.119373638927753,0.119146094167634,0.119090307972711,0.118848974943788,0.118454273244254,0.118165186710294,0.117090883419509,0.116818478705091,0.116453328936563,0.116109785231371,0.115664127702929,0.115489649700412,0.115339899502769,0.115079375782391,0.115049226619912,0.115025456483708,0.114632493404747,0.114345791111294,0.114024750754055,0.113801966194355,0.113750096055003,0.113512786919962,0.113224401431189,0.113067425975093,0.113005762355125,0.112842564433307,0.112560111886405,0.112527461917921,0.112238095969965,0.111975654320504,0.111772424923444,0.111665912159774,0.111234172630615,0.110885091207108,0.110816705006406,0.110688523601023,0.11056766020268,0.110371020418035,0.110033270544098,0.109753696109368,0.109380966449677,0.108973699996071,0.108722093602039,0.108477258034187,0.108297862349483,0.108230393045804,0.108225549051734,0.108165850283729,0.107666553914176,0.107663032953234,0.107548552598592,0.10739987092263,0.107336259703693,0.107272845012518,0.1071999583997,0.107160300908914,0.107058565266513,0.106897846973372,0.106378553545527,0.106162519683881,0.10563615601751,0.105191067036444,0.104891409477876,0.104814197830778,0.104688815090061,0.104484162749051,0.10412706713215,0.10385655360053,0.10371182518871,0.103377062936818,0.10329113774285,0.103272184766301,0.103141125997779,0.103087689870177,0.103076220444298,0.1026729002185,0.102550653887326,0.102549132391361,0.1024704159408,0.102001822330211,0.101821636665709,0.101744641391862,0.101697572633691,0.101440307233787,0.101428533773549,0.100946342883228,0.100199332303008,0.0997822367546652,0.099242469436262,0.0987129685711638,0.0982239570174837,0.0981672091877798,0.0980973425456926,0.098021152172999,0.0974816839052389,0.0973339990820972,0.0970854472954147,0.0969098198856806,0.0968037755677581,0.0965604666093416,0.0965489941268588,0.0956643742229166,0.0953544561593771,0.0950079499066577,0.0946471357543765,0.0944717243410657,0.0942104748477014,0.0939977749834047,0.0938462461407493,0.0935898892427722,0.0931710698660699,0.0928398117823828,0.0926912852264601,0.0924812614518774,0.0921386645217177,0.0919725461500374,0.0919361243100631,0.0918609375952971,0.0917445196660517,0.0915419809844576,0.0913983917887201,0.0912641750390205,0.0912982540239249,0.0912790983467388,0.0912205611649724,0.0911962263062111,0.091096664622446,0.0911080109629338,0.0911842666482538,0.0908757177636389,0.0905330943069207,0.0901032059856519,0.0898314151166517,0.0895437165566707,0.0890478655408266,0.0888968424578078,0.0885912217003188,0.0881021893908745,0.0875969644113865,0.0872684102357271,0.0870021317657274,0.0866091764520037,0.08634446953497,0.0860187237199257,0.0857631438080938,0.0854451591405431,0.0851768680424518,0.0851067148034219,0.0847966981088761,0.0845319665945813,0.0843338114818869,0.0839780964666111,0.0835428786416328,0.0832182508012237,0.0822955375219704,0.0822739241544246,0.0822228499088156,0.0821900754578289,0.0822043726760751,0.0822007522179082,0.0821453913144333,0.0821757242330732,0.0821888962667415,0.0824692336961939,0.0825850646018766,0.0826299224936314,0.0826024584766348,0.0825308792278428,0.0824117214597305,0.0823752886473861,0.0823077138211729,0.0822792921487593,0.0822664553158975,0.0822636739125369,0.0822270929245033,0.0822273998880543,0.0822309178242501,0.0822444978979556,0.0822741529328277,0.0823115726026842,0.0824098352623675,0.082479615198324,0.0826558976630203,0.0828782412648532,0.0808251426486015,0.0793887804806208,0.0786371531958185,0.0786676136392659,0.0788266989114075,0.0795014310656099,0.0796115490396952,0.0797525729079855,0.0804211830281581,0.0807800746515855,0.0808673719723593,0.0814197889834283,0.0822058707798601,0.0829959660003919,0.083902270014298,0.0849861360717545,0.0856839400070224,0.0856796389135989,0.0858232309955034,0.0860043476398793,0.0860215058617121,0.0860309679364725,0.0860590541290491,0.0860582112445571,0.0860853592752113,0.0861877505220042,0.0862447234661801,0.0862668917510244,0.0862985623155444,0.0863889584429473,0.0864355223349095,0.0865082719495039,0.0865760091864723,0.0866076851944702,0.0866444168729487,0.0866539592621283,0.0867168596616267,0.0868095895673415,0.0868306190025744,0.0867962589303169,0.0870373838859193,0.0874090366883168,0.0878329421757145,0.0878880236722299,0.0879084279740903,0.0880392726232429,0.088040546714613,0.0880056126334396,0.0879096594158045,0.0877667835342681,0.0875320872070688,0.087352933293845,0.0873550042383662,0.0873548922729248,0.0872811578988201,0.0870676598383883,0.0868974572972798,0.0868115613755424,0.086694559516119,0.0865555339325819,0.086356201202258,0.0862942512879285,0.0863886252204654,0.0865045214115341,0.0866714803489353,0.086804542126169,0.0869242436646005,0.0872191357782013,0.087380133692019,0.0869132753187189,0.0864504887291821,0.0863205476011149,0.0857482301574413,0.0855390483917731,0.0852832464554709,0.0853047376648654,0.0849924919458805,0.0849910131572698,0.0847120086589583,0.084348307451276,0.0836665616835476,0.0832160789251565,0.0830323832649065,0.0828101997090192,0.0829437791268959,0.0829729113777051,0.0830978628480523,0.0829319621712314,0.0828258257808113,0.0829136308654015,0.0832242354585676,0.0844155512812635,0.0841698043660733,0.0832386087834724,0.0829416497219145,0.0827900130014803,0.0825738470214144,0.0818331106091743,0.0817854264133966,0.0816422054709127,0.0813266387704681,0.0808515815794826,0.0804157885196483,0.0804037962685718,0.0804867875569493,0.0802927716160908,0.0800462712451706,0.0800327597669304,0.0801329221946656,0.0801962333762383,0.0801042019859237,0.0799593182824917,0.079943879273427,0.0799376383547231,0.0800293368997341,0.0798115959481747,0.079778536754127,0.0797637918977286,0.0797032114981989,0.0796064426712332,0.0794884751995719,0.0795819242840666,0.0794596216744193,0.0792531335654562,0.0791466787322157,0.0790632781471802,0.0788152215451588,0.0787900050710632,0.0788503174030971,0.0790025811371868,0.0790361478121963,0.0789041805413015,0.0788327922432062,0.0786856027904111,0.0785011980499265,0.0784350841663255,0.0784185353276363,0.0783143992153797,0.0781391543046627,0.0779667761121048,0.0778199407101262,0.0773044975356273,0.0770769153898261,0.0769296796339318,0.0765445810653898,0.0765119331769315,0.075900744159111,0.0750018516421018,0.0749603349479641,0.0754508699436126,0.0756484566833744,0.0760061839382498,0.0764068324366088,0.0764181704089322,0.0765031236388848,0.0758895348515517,0.0762901427230383,0.0763882595470839,0.0759123064369605,0.0756958895849379,0.0756547004172297,0.0760800968019528,0.0758926550256685,0.0756297341906888,0.0754240203454049,0.0750471670340944,0.0749040200392058,0.0748327254594257,0.0747846884461995,0.0746871771616261,0.0746526482065255,0.0753075213554673,0.0753431338495797,0.0751821558650335,0.0748359460905595,0.0743047504068093,0.0740221845694381,0.0733277810155808,0.0730351116448012,0.0734713832642181,0.0722376666424686,0.0719427912518565,0.0716365529546059,0.0712307679327272,0.0702889785436929,0.0701251182140692,0.0699287822978387,0.0685415716593301,0.0669350407273906,0.0664041413537243,0.066579480074338,0.0647145161126396,0.0647789311274714,0.0641941559705603,0.0641969496462451,0.0644371825261669,0.0640039802747278,0.0635291014573582,0.0634801121260759,0.0633882673132626,0.0633421323621068,0.0632640126210142,0.0632022699374979,0.0629405419563423,0.0617082310144487,0.0613374748323811,0.0608999054124307,0.0606444069346704,0.0598363222363081,0.0592540812369125,0.0591524590958592,0.0590057551210682,0.0588317186657736,0.0587310257332847,0.0585965548964487,0.058199719801251,0.0577807544865022,0.0564149309746388,0.0563912623049412,0.0559851594726642,0.0548269843510867,0.0547112545856122,0.0544181312342409,0.0538917633503696,0.0534588313313244,0.0529269829354949,0.0524539675395893,0.0521560841811646,0.0513348610165525,0.0510490442071122,0.0501481814645186,0.0495358646186352,0.0492520801474668,0.0483685823005986,0.0477848748031366,0.0471041325108254,0.0466235971883387,0.0464148257698418,0.0461981896588705,0.0458021706495047,0.0451470361697294,0.0451481160897827,0.0451828652878151,0.044884540687737,0.0443189591987707,0.043586609610488,0.0433115785415414,0.0432252977444449,0.0429434941899969,0.0429124706831435,0.0427122714024609,0.0424980635797078,0.0424671995258729,0.0423133539798637,0.0421846657502397,0.0419535265397539,0.0414012523185587,0.0409463778543616,0.0401170124546915,0.0400769570211335,0.0400985722071283,0.039999408728265,0.0398142181241039,0.0397484776095014,0.0396168798327706,0.0393236886894924,0.0390495885525956,0.0388153439935907,0.0384900733517185,0.0382981628530076,0.0378955349825584,0.037596346490621,0.0369923662600654,0.0369531069000105,0.0368209034508451,0.03677633061329,0.036701680704496,0.0365674818957783,0.0361735465584558,0.0360472929182493,0.0359798328042676,0.0359352581190275,0.0358964350044569,0.0357313177780886,0.0355435529418513,0.0354889534366672,0.0354791279034125,0.0352574536801978,0.0352405184899852,0.0351319174707539,0.0348373474086266,0.0346153903827926,0.034606083878026,0.0345707750609024,0.0343092738514787,0.0342965722150506,0.0341297332176121,0.0340317142705889,0.0339896547333814,0.0339714808265923,0.0339395660153284,0.0338351541883252,0.0336388758874423,0.0335972550041887,0.0335847926796625,0.0334704758564555,0.0333771698692601,0.0331804901884312,0.0330875842295694,0.033068731423883,0.0329711900764951,0.0327037296695771,0.0325265024070205,0.0322852041892154,0.0320945941304276,0.031658453609671,0.0313339863845358,0.0312858536562604,0.0310010565442365,0.0307591983168119,0.0305857181283915,0.0305006792665139,0.0303248497376424,0.0299782881286276,0.0295728833296259,0.0295739373456685,0.0295742597023608,0.029576400316634,0.0293589657507601,0.028895061308463,0.0288805232483595,0.0286487508233659,0.0285632791030445,0.028215959700091,0.0277674675187697,0.0272811029660926,0.0268524118362081,0.0266622086872959,0.0262178588721715,0.0254161851266832,0.0250043407731246,0.0246729772255999,0.024417542749757,0.0241737697743997,0.0236384857392285,0.0232590955257821,0.0227761179473422,0.0220743668893495,0.0215539644313345,0.0214828622706499,0.0210981811751772,0.0205968158023713,0.0214833694398462,0.0214964699149955,0.0214210744168901,0.0212630800944214,0.021262210849074,0.0212339533340949,0.0212100167753961,0.021531872166133,0.0227510733548376,0.0229423975260055,0.0228201046199282,0.0226786787587816,0.022459473230041,0.022401685921474,0.0222937948679642,0.0221967552271722,0.0221792733506473,0.0221405684636983,0.0221314061664062,0.0219275696907627,0.021567308843955,0.0204671609052182,0.0191655399861637,0.0179854379865448,0.0172939381145907,0.0150637514206382,0.0148759486003468,0.0150091306894085,0.0151227125932826,0.0198383933188618,0.019871629866504,0.0197448270234822,0.0197106467340929,0.0196396474093886,0.019535902459459,0.0192890581675099,0.0183315791351841,0.0183304580039625,0.0180415555413656,0.0180101007548854,0.0179280859014609,0.0178589239959756,0.0177035936917018,0.0176039931965189,0.0175075614134564,0.0175022598802879,0.0174951119061184,0.0174783832958304,0.0174625778566609,0.0174386733695442,0.0174381463376,0.0174285970333727,0.0174522713658778,0.0174728314236796,0.0175138921013844,0.0174796500853742,0.0160243348493662,0.0153161931266923,0.014813266948828,0.0143952397915083,0.0141972504425816,0.0140305875374421,0.0135285903706087,0.0131602917250542,0.0129790702089518,0.012606675681277,0.0122885014773183,0.0119152174376506,0.011700380189353,0.0115189566021966,0.0115161193853953,0.0114846406671676,0.0114838344007282,0.0114853194920965,0.0114815880608892,0.0114149004109835,0.0113753998430628,0.0112567791107986,0.0112336697259957,0.0109988119795505,0.0107961487130392,0.0106451970276788,0.0104429462798172,0.0103110232406768,0.0101138498282211,0.00994738894905061,0.00990348335547574,0.00986709054311743,0.00982377400747538,0.00974710482514453,0.00976486022685449,0.00980468460074726,0.00982325250557565,0.00984393045688609,0.0098250300605555,0.00979562537510848,0.00971959940163961,0.00961781417817812,0.00953272071120016,0.00938039473471476,0.00931015407815597,0.00927983828590255,0.00926910140043509,0.00912088924310533,0.00904892733817172,0.00901771597559405,0.00898806153698301,0.00898747742940513,0.00906781982062198,0.00913883845117989,0.00917418983221989,0.00911630549765582,0.00909709402704866,0.0099432309868878,0.0104848439120941,0.0107539357900061,0.0109134922020406,0.0113027283068729,0.0114594475766966,0.0115965790312327,0.0118085056463625,0.0120895370566521,0.0124830878948223,0.0127463355413571,0.0128374863686502,0.0129743041086662,0.0131535557293509,0.0132453792587668,0.0131414582300586,0.0130126438603261,0.0127648222656352,0.0126911662765738,0.0126668061869458,0.0126928402503471,0.012779908556884,0.0129767397394718,0.0130531053976542,0.0130689116435409,0.0130516520300416,0.0130134194464148,0.0128898408072729,0.0126017028123875,0.0129924662823368,0.0134811069376531,0.0134860707662861,0.0134968832890945,0.0135875657065924,0.0137560211204445,0.0140251257173851,0.0143584600792347,0.0145451974714295,0.014987270318406,0.0152629590410805,0.0155282055888779,0.0158314260769608,0.0158498258283891,0.0159601472744213,0.0160303292409623,0.0160417996451626,0.0161118753629056,0.0163305361017028,0.0165329810554891,0.0166119991033946,0.016623143122152,0.0166942642069184,0.0166055666355097,0.0164638866129073,0.0163474003049262,0.0162912359465811,0.0162055702898254,0.01619923543711,0.0161961076235313,0.0161437983572912,0.0158930733111621,0.0155158082572472,0.0153575389168242,0.0152127979152547,0.0150789979367915,0.0149952001724695,0.0149531548802695,0.0149849011726023,0.0160291070992007,0.0161948038577966,0.01655269249871,0.017780554148426,0.0181236009675934,0.0180411475307085,0.0170401577459715,0.0152510675279308,0.0143568054169076,0.0135636251193125,0.0120888979491085,0.0101483341472055,0.00921879267861346,0.00748967029111151,0.00541158796612332,0.00454478351805742,0.00375903128692758,0.00284280072286571,0.00163626299511446,0.000877977602548187,0.000365675363044042,-5.72091177417772e-06,-0.000359103918585913,-0.000983579930577973,-0.00119221328402646,-0.00132439119257437,-0.00149654280764248,-0.00234966293810762,-0.00359806928841247,-0.00563043913890807,-0.0066892909669118,-0.00695462194576492,-0.0073628232088518,-0.00814348183745376,-0.00861442832259595,-0.00889587213305768,-0.00907176844761832,-0.0100780519983922,-0.0103223650771764,-0.0116787257134317,-0.0125188480036505,-0.012874016458621,-0.0131439398851695,-0.0133632294773132,-0.0136714068702524,-0.0140695227898728,-0.0142576128314974,-0.014542954381867,-0.014540974018883,-0.0145286379194005,-0.0145344323988692,-0.0147546224738431,-0.0151845092298001,-0.0148607368880848,-0.0144229251895495,-0.014097055531342,-0.0140467463725236,-0.0138409606620017,-0.0137168549262372,-0.0134740157615136,-0.0131289768663874,-0.0134761382658151,-0.0141080746418663,-0.0144938801605986,-0.0146525811787033,-0.0150267210983691,-0.0150902208456616,-0.0153012359785024,-0.0154562188398468,-0.0155598011082638,-0.0158067059916341,-0.015904495248643,-0.0162696759909685,-0.0164164173964353,-0.0164673915729687,-0.0165589895723336,-0.0169494210089813,-0.017113892372567,-0.0171404862053621,-0.0171617145596378,-0.0171616366371062,-0.0172738566324334,-0.0175090000533323,-0.017743910022097,-0.0178871660052325,-0.0182004312568594,-0.0184734480150634,-0.0187006171517397,-0.019118015368569,-0.0190181883492471,-0.0190209491944155,-0.0191668449662018,-0.0192726858662177,-0.0191999648277918,-0.0190903790467814,-0.0190317359990129,-0.0189375549054781,-0.0186717157493988,-0.0187925336277823,-0.0189452384962977,-0.0189819011907323,-0.0189586072085558,-0.0188275930478736,-0.0188842872196801,-0.019023313293334,-0.0191100679879703,-0.0191530292098378,-0.0192852692193026,-0.0193192170123857,-0.0193454657639608,-0.019398625013485,-0.0198933651826222,-0.0199992971242298,-0.0200519907631574,-0.0201100119564867,-0.0201452057193089,-0.020245108883995,-0.0202997068215299,-0.0203277442374314,-0.020337271259174,-0.0201560064956726,-0.020082699356708,-0.0200417091936856,-0.020006124340428,-0.0199831003849585,-0.0199784707969347,-0.0199900193362078,-0.0200045632354483,-0.0200506845156283,-0.020118040093999,-0.020225918708385,-0.0203275366459883,-0.0205537956897385,-0.0206208798986052,-0.0206476357333677,-0.0206656414203448,-0.0207361859703979,-0.0207507302193234,-0.0207679581034865,-0.0207965806887384,-0.0208366757982465,-0.0209345222387163,-0.0210523194822924,-0.0211411440543859,-0.0212345577965661,-0.0214631925262071,-0.0216450041337629,-0.0215776859923285,-0.0217724102481319,-0.0218708400819512,-0.0218850350674613,-0.0220320411399307,-0.0221015773494973,-0.0221884975178143,-0.0223414924383319,-0.0224494518637997,-0.0225065002190811,-0.0226727174694333,-0.0226178856803715,-0.022611624725727,-0.0226459705909801,-0.0228110609181191,-0.0228032117317224,-0.0228016975064203,-0.0228305617640013,-0.022930602743089,-0.0229185120009982,-0.022924581348052,-0.0228872093137256,-0.0227676197216116,-0.0227749688787221,-0.0227504661934768,-0.0227130527452383,-0.0223809207760709,-0.0222394725685756,-0.0220131242977169,-0.0212891261838906,-0.0211540565637645,-0.0211495840714138,-0.0210329879614025,-0.0207563138045827,-0.0204736087976666,-0.0203914296575945,-0.020300926950449,-0.0205236987927726,-0.0206385807642866,-0.0206468627667054,-0.0206400170486285,-0.020524155769192,-0.0203898591822725,-0.019974287964492,-0.0199140036414155,-0.0198688100492998,-0.019768777725656,-0.0196867142657757,-0.0196321090897143,-0.0195938781504182,-0.0195926337441375,-0.0197110263367993,-0.0195547980177443,-0.0190903297528063,-0.0190326891235052,-0.0190011067237284,-0.0189696005338532,-0.018841983529141,-0.0189751295225382,-0.0189954158531304,-0.0189807104337895,-0.0186625908044815,-0.0183724941840758,-0.018267441787958,-0.0178685130162894,-0.0178388735902666,-0.0177827456368611,-0.0176624782507458,-0.017118126739224,-0.0170138833063454,-0.0168866494810568,-0.0159187975734735,-0.0158210317347485,-0.015773223217205,-0.0157453289231841,-0.0156815908601201,-0.0151098142508487,-0.0150255480913524,-0.0150310316524252,-0.0150986684073265,-0.0157135833326791,-0.0160205459378535,-0.0170178387926761,-0.0172876213184715,-0.0178644868055685,-0.017928858783496,-0.0179592354551085,-0.017988560150948,-0.0180291551306703,-0.0180496403316822,-0.0180404960833716,-0.0179853332348957,-0.0179570138857309,-0.0178848164009126,-0.0178438946471457,-0.0177756275934913,-0.0170153662156267,-0.0163328621949515,-0.0163328695188172,-0.0163290027918581,-0.0158034985404782,-0.0156531265099654,-0.0154725618822801,-0.0154579832823194,-0.0153121939435793,-0.0152761437022928,-0.0152660212927291,-0.0146033611408868,-0.0145807531306443,-0.013930733766661,-0.0139482265761575,-0.0135715824750778,-0.013290975255892,-0.0124355369920895,-0.0122826289909726,-0.0121887676775849,-0.0121675502294831,-0.0119125289920188,-0.0116647816296451,-0.0116165590124303,-0.0111748229654621,-0.0111125606455104,-0.0109762188617816,-0.0109630313245657,-0.0110336565729427,-0.0104705142371793,-0.0100483052285882,-0.00993538070139555,-0.00992679027651739,-0.00991460300935174,-0.0088080068682595,-0.00850384909258745,-0.00842989846638376,-0.00836134327580563,-0.00833035535039945,-0.00737304101255028,-0.00726654795860631,-0.00514496628876318,-0.00501251912825157,-0.00470751712778541,-0.00462941703452546,-0.00445765991276881,-0.00365755264861427,-0.00360131653623169,-0.00346903515307675,-0.00336512027389258,-0.00324963869374446,-0.00333293276812654,-0.00204513494517886,-0.00223955121998924,-0.00231048077679785,-0.00168789374580301,-0.00158048557465393,-0.00181849911481557,-0.001695587645979,-0.00133267977854434,-0.00130925332628308,-0.00127176275505146,-0.00121863617750929,-0.00118567454329512,-0.000688574985153877,-0.000583849843104855,-0.000104268833817465,0.000131464775560654,0.000700232465440033,0.000822939829899265,0.000899651048248843,0.00102105443086434,0.00109153677881122,0.00126840310338945,0.00143730082004141,0.00128841126782214,0.0016388442393571,0.00195529241724721,0.00196284355025195,0.00199093440011463,0.00182441691080302,0.00203918059924579,0.00218355280186137,0.00244706115326641,0.00235716527351077,0.00235894466761597,0.00249255396552685,0.00238859829635969,0.00239356417383541,0.00240996703908247,0.00260715323040487,0.00262605923341839,0.00251520664184334,0.00243449931016312,0.00234144816202575,0.00233640296273437,0.00236354344700516,0.00195482715775804,0.001845150240642,0.00175314554250088,0.00171172590954036,0.00157140032035147,0.00167537883265178,0.00151343653606563,0.00155819747274376,0.0014699239123125,0.00139707468925767,0.00127063026769642,0.000967928080016299,0.000954398236342215,0.000938736949729107,0.000934631491372786,0.000939163409950995,0.000969191117161051,0.00108939384840025,0.00113892954474247,0.00118010334985102,0.00121731269974959,0.00124219568612598,0.00119238292405799,0.00114804201984014,0.00114091672522932,0.000862139356073734,-0.000286050782581293,-0.00103917520923243,-0.00106541219074096,-0.0010896834789081,-0.00147294871334493,-0.00114879937309095,-0.00169109200336836,-0.00149060699891602,-0.00166063868232139,-0.00184879284846646,-0.00195887848580534,-0.00210951783759476,-0.00215138394901729,-0.00219535444403992,-0.00219970935487013,-0.00226710215566077,-0.00231394371686314,-0.00230287258023803,-0.00187299277868663,-0.00187282678707914,-0.00185997778618934,-0.00186646921915536,-0.00198436054670062,-0.00192188026592663,-0.00185047548039997,-0.00158448085328703,-0.00154167486647773,-0.00154128172592874,-0.00201548380687731,-0.00202073206974742,-0.00203110660076034,-0.00182275833026525,-0.00170144959568286,-0.0016113101388578,-0.00147799950299246,-0.00132468746003322,-0.00105850055331625,-0.000622204676391358,-0.000374942700620381,-0.000205109483216287,0.000147203084733445,0.000331082945487333,0.000825295056186578,0.00147987278617256,0.00189616941731028,0.00214968574959048,0.00271575482967919,0.00329723318902195,0.00351818750929637,0.00411061454869211,0.00490596312558323,0.00514584970115337,0.00545611017166666,0.00590895046045617,0.00641726463277756,0.00672299309000623,0.00813954645980096,0.00826320568362556,0.00848063848349803,0.00893397824746646,0.0108013098182627,0.0114875601073451,0.0118110423299182,0.0123774394778541,0.0124404037296703,0.0127374181976271,0.0129846218810786,0.0133238569412169,0.0137228947991881,0.0137744584076932,0.0137937419902824,0.0138776673248973,0.0139004774322093,0.0139360857299147,0.0143826099644213,0.0145364905201335,0.0146319671852161,0.0148165143177932,0.0150140696385805,0.0153896190251578,0.0153910586251619,0.0157075698676796,0.0156588862993641,0.0156998812952328,0.015743914026678,0.0158219569358087,0.0168760486292446,0.0169639026695678,0.0171800210211724,0.0172849343682769,0.0173288867140248,0.0174644162754736,0.0175171757868927,0.0177306909022589,0.017842800720655,0.0179413876558518,0.018018099700234,0.0184624916629765,0.0191984557690297,0.0192582023970136,0.0199253117593056,0.0203234813247376,0.020792753098933,0.021702906847766,0.0215768595552318,0.0219800630015685,0.022040889046824,0.022303871283009,0.0227844057129624,0.0237320515348072,0.023800698106302,0.0243793199939858,0.0249954353205619,0.0252635845514517,0.0252862073102404,0.0260571936485738,0.0274592947567724,0.0277559909180227,0.02831091974519,0.0283435205319193,0.028719549939457,0.0287069836159872,0.0289946420186088,0.0290190769637275,0.0290312345674267,0.0294064646394551,0.0294842865569786,0.0299020211821878,0.0300077824527963,0.0313918291319042,0.0316844115568642,0.0318805069935344,0.032078721371319,0.0326919989874211,0.0331213786242954,0.0335580771150853,0.0345229699430929,0.0347327835068556,0.0350669592981871,0.035305966058237,0.0355352953263593,0.0357677825117211,0.0361754094290969,0.0364622408902623,0.036631946647717,0.036876711397841,0.0369020649384924,0.0369929644960886,0.0371627163451461,0.0374892162150919,0.0379889866254123,0.0392968849454516,0.0398322527330741,0.0402481741619404,0.0412701394677739,0.0416008760455381,0.0419300925223837,0.0426351461737147,0.0435525756419818,0.0457151140207589,0.0479896115500076,0.0491620988295476,0.0497044696765225,0.0504111475747402,0.0504470148982683,0.0523690568479223,0.0537777969231434,0.0555781436884326,0.0556137518504418,0.0558509885372075,0.0559377797440143,0.0561766581953082,0.0562266204857789,0.0565234431143415,0.0566114721587632,0.0577076926598475,0.0577444146020929,0.0577573409011105,0.057778852439565,0.0580282498931889,0.0580158923270898,0.0580905620728404,0.058831441989172,0.058920748435193,0.0589394214689624,0.059121568117223,0.0590914668510601,0.0591651431905638,0.0609079404150991,0.062356818888745,0.0624706602443332,0.0629876885102494,0.0631218874734017,0.0638744315999206,0.0640447531107285,0.0640562285747756,0.0641319354307467,0.0641104741503033,0.0648580100186785,0.0650908863421621,0.0679299621466583,0.0688011644219457,0.06914160797684,0.0703267627277179,0.0727544155670998,0.0749082949455116,0.0759258128024582,0.0760954863583723,0.0762073725471526,0.0764056614333905,0.0766970000522161,0.0765892195930007,0.0771804707876382,0.0776297609849954,0.0789798938691804,0.080764739754199,0.082201850365369,0.0823486636044094,0.0824037729834111,0.082457524752191,0.0823450107484621,0.0831642996240154,0.0837338564888071,0.0837352961638998,0.0840321172577857,0.0840984198432118,0.0844169950261861,0.0860017715071749,0.0864041113911451,0.0866308309669743,0.0867602021127847,0.0868026591718773,0.0867626417585746,0.0868682784430989,0.0870465003359638,0.0871346086788119,0.0872312327680196,0.0874586283099416,0.0875906704401921,0.0876187609534666,0.0876903601955624,0.0878318232767808,0.0878342899967148,0.0878829698364063,0.0879268979108319,0.0881522456125316,0.0884377337485822,0.0892565273639715,0.0909517384841496,0.091450897225535,0.0917855420336765,0.0918906178883521,0.0919226690904191,0.0920247011391027,0.0922423386097601,0.092761582638802,0.0931020673766393,0.0941579525186863,0.0945902968870633,0.0957854722732152,0.0967640004354769,0.0973170356728499,0.098571375386997,0.099324274566646,0.1002439202528,0.101121587630557,0.102479161956446,0.103555860297996,0.104475073056696,0.104683698969051,0.105742128042735,0.105791852620137,0.106878156388185,0.106904138883062,0.107665599377936,0.1088902903657,0.110037934588725,0.111516149293187,0.113488367036777,0.114320866294536,0.115902535735371,0.117268725159387,0.119095735835714,0.120210839063794],"lat":[51.5114446653239,51.5110431162127,51.5100953773978,51.5097685605737,51.5094452597312,51.5089595727417,51.5087065914421,51.5084500941348,51.5078333388503,51.5070186078832,51.5066295059676,51.5060698268873,51.5049272756032,51.5037962619441,51.5030791316579,51.502432255693,51.5019642780314,51.5016611350364,51.5013525487705,51.5007715128484,51.4997460170658,51.4988399995761,51.4973539873166,51.496293057721,51.4962012774246,51.4952034402355,51.4936947555716,51.4932902344571,51.4925870757369,51.491342311064,51.491087141422,51.4905554064605,51.4897803649435,51.4889944759802,51.4887482265165,51.4886509767999,51.4885528545926,51.4880247264865,51.4878402279586,51.4877396965967,51.487639803356,51.4875180589076,51.4873301487449,51.4861245019658,51.4860737935078,51.4858605158833,51.4855637269,51.4844558764702,51.4835987162086,51.4827474158645,51.4824265747742,51.4822307598377,51.4818494955343,51.4812411101405,51.4808466408147,51.4799698271723,51.4790926873301,51.478694179943,51.4780646701293,51.4774683932415,51.4772909515877,51.4771134838295,51.47682352925,51.4768128789548,51.4769849831969,51.4770546270662,51.4771632342748,51.477328502187,51.4775831303855,51.4777383050996,51.477893700429,51.4780675991006,51.4781115228602,51.4782515102121,51.4783985544549,51.4785115324723,51.4785500505675,51.4785996863865,51.4786097856347,51.4786218410044,51.4786826608498,51.4787137525851,51.4787219552111,51.4787973606492,51.478919601995,51.4786793198591,51.4777787536182,51.4774941019155,51.4771346845025,51.4768063510371,51.4763251819881,51.4761646602196,51.476040562799,51.4757943620883,51.475765229531,51.4757494711904,51.4755353351523,51.4753768358497,51.475191976434,51.4749208116669,51.4748578975067,51.4745528211671,51.4742019021075,51.4739835069379,51.4738955889353,51.4737294642612,51.4734755596574,51.4734545651079,51.4732691301219,51.4730742165316,51.4731947847727,51.4732893298823,51.4735444094652,51.4737809127128,51.4738280076281,51.4739211433797,51.4740168451036,51.4741867529757,51.474512978271,51.4747581191739,51.4750130290711,51.4752685590252,51.4754646328045,51.4757451171486,51.4760082370204,51.4761065731862,51.4761264445848,51.4761122302263,51.4759962066386,51.4759198306289,51.4758418521912,51.4757716827139,51.4757350561149,51.4756714473706,51.4755585481093,51.475479224439,51.4753965200355,51.4753463505484,51.4751398530238,51.4750142370573,51.475467039801,51.4752457150025,51.4755244782652,51.4755051809183,51.4753779347412,51.4752179385284,51.4750310016012,51.474847905617,51.4747695669945,51.4745984142023,51.4745774736225,51.4745724179306,51.4745720712207,51.4746000083703,51.474601113401,51.4748178811947,51.474883922892,51.4748821516076,51.4749240311252,51.4744728987721,51.4744689349646,51.4744856031491,51.4744954398031,51.4746942970927,51.4748141130749,51.4749756335662,51.4752345226602,51.4753085408035,51.4754081354458,51.4754490902862,51.4754623395538,51.4753554409751,51.4752137050342,51.475122442168,51.4746635674791,51.4745205254354,51.4741562648601,51.4740946577439,51.4738861217465,51.4732591751175,51.4732288045935,51.4732500166068,51.4732744410953,51.4732860293212,51.4732681957637,51.4732740275168,51.4732292338581,51.4731754789135,51.473136818214,51.4730730508226,51.4729519315589,51.4727303264595,51.4726313586238,51.4725415818032,51.4724496740898,51.4723752999671,51.4723345827901,51.4723278308176,51.4722696559595,51.4721860389138,51.4721004706422,51.4720623970839,51.4720204220949,51.4719793967164,51.4719588580727,51.471899040093,51.4718315710818,51.4717962966092,51.4717319865226,51.4715342515527,51.4713155405754,51.4710462259301,51.4708649193145,51.4707135719934,51.470418450669,51.4703905660379,51.4703195720454,51.4702050814224,51.4700827835585,51.4700139930801,51.4699530859149,51.4697982094902,51.4696770208378,51.4695434284516,51.4694328675063,51.4690905015664,51.4687958122495,51.4687098294591,51.4687315300998,51.4683252648114,51.4680212329229,51.4675455405588,51.4669363675341,51.4664790053463,51.4666410824583,51.4666090921353,51.4665308623188,51.4664118396733,51.466061764255,51.4656976185173,51.4651140671274,51.4647367283035,51.4646465659264,51.4641316921527,51.4638931226801,51.4636135476036,51.4632633145837,51.4629876065761,51.4626470959343,51.4625425268254,51.4621966033394,51.4619201285395,51.4616065062255,51.4615454042752,51.4611845416114,51.4610964062588,51.460983933183,51.460902756341,51.4607952147018,51.4607001251143,51.4605185226528,51.4603437210837,51.4600735017349,51.4598348379404,51.4595754351268,51.4593922887342,51.4592932084736,51.459266589093,51.4591243789326,51.4586402870477,51.4585609950701,51.4586232416535,51.4582264835706,51.4580465516224,51.4580036349083,51.4577744019443,51.4575239296091,51.4572985606056,51.4570648253913,51.4568108385743,51.4566455463391,51.4565511978636,51.4561961228696,51.4557801277506,51.4556197495189,51.4555431418312,51.4554014541202,51.4552566840803,51.4550628544629,51.4548461028748,51.45470659885,51.4545614192446,51.4543405304738,51.453766076257,51.4533983386668,51.4529420048649,51.4524704723328,51.4521866332422,51.4518874162596,51.4518126056104,51.4515506927708,51.4509645056478,51.4506997409787,51.450451250281,51.4499631409987,51.449496987481,51.4486620935793,51.4484183049296,51.448171536797,51.4475064313292,51.4470927364784,51.4468001911221,51.4465896685643,51.4464231475115,51.4462312830147,51.4460896883267,51.4459457654663,51.4458486444219,51.4457465394425,51.4456091530651,51.4455375427196,51.4454527404408,51.4454116576733,51.4453925497481,51.445344838658,51.4453117684306,51.4449827479848,51.4446839200879,51.4444003701787,51.4441309128292,51.4439156504445,51.4435659723307,51.4432465559507,51.4432647614808,51.4432460218725,51.4432366441556,51.4429932309069,51.4429501901846,51.4428630141512,51.4428293581563,51.4427350921052,51.4427342191234,51.4426114830959,51.4428724497868,51.4432595742239,51.4435427636147,51.4434273224664,51.4432882842166,51.4431878881309,51.4431639889463,51.4430637460089,51.4429282041274,51.4428410608039,51.442778348925,51.4426469285514,51.4420106358376,51.4417964790486,51.4410972008799,51.4408641674606,51.440725674033,51.4405604490972,51.4399980644706,51.439962040647,51.4400401245567,51.4401887154475,51.440405785099,51.4400304248431,51.4400198462576,51.4399779052108,51.4398248729655,51.4396251096251,51.4396127593892,51.4395687152791,51.4395370158668,51.4394433247664,51.4392948157206,51.4392717082329,51.4392610275366,51.439220730858,51.4390204566412,51.4389895682146,51.4389817362709,51.4389468397362,51.4389071895529,51.4388760089905,51.4387475514379,51.4386525983647,51.4384782028102,51.4384153426146,51.4383214976031,51.4381505365145,51.4381338973072,51.4380995539356,51.4379988308213,51.4379775517927,51.4377964379954,51.4376502210838,51.4374190169397,51.4371920697465,51.4371302920761,51.4371143983702,51.4370074312301,51.4367920117849,51.4366080163161,51.4364478485296,51.4366305478202,51.4366885384892,51.4367415077947,51.4368796273204,51.4368577235711,51.4364521805283,51.4358889573226,51.4358618144402,51.4355105005267,51.4353622161852,51.4351283605918,51.4348892470296,51.4348854490098,51.4348551666956,51.4344595583255,51.4340927469905,51.4340037778514,51.4337559121471,51.4336473342771,51.4336273801419,51.4332996990865,51.4330368301282,51.4328544349596,51.432696206231,51.4324124092055,51.4323331083983,51.432315485539,51.4322713715683,51.4321831690116,51.432151405891,51.4319986233715,51.4319907984545,51.4316132502035,51.4308307044864,51.4314902924167,51.4315726319582,51.4317737688761,51.4313787630888,51.4312595337462,51.4299387178349,51.429653461442,51.4294349524591,51.4292101084422,51.4286799822063,51.4285875522312,51.4284768105834,51.4276074117391,51.4267220806745,51.426337554972,51.4260152161841,51.4256173292345,51.4255145748935,51.4253701989163,51.4253683511353,51.4250493689802,51.4247890117308,51.4244655373539,51.4243998526914,51.4243088432351,51.4242745833133,51.4242327929098,51.4242033041552,51.4241089900564,51.4237349896582,51.4240625571029,51.4250792527642,51.4250594648017,51.424874928432,51.4247223898035,51.424701693242,51.4246700979332,51.4246704576509,51.4246704279937,51.4245909550836,51.4248829989995,51.425162840098,51.426140057749,51.4261575594976,51.4265001183017,51.4275222351801,51.4276681499592,51.4279322829742,51.4284487059122,51.4289958635568,51.4296472707416,51.4301672487091,51.4304863155255,51.4312623865615,51.431529979985,51.4321347733987,51.4325330744301,51.4327178935994,51.433325966431,51.4337534343956,51.4343921273826,51.4348429671977,51.4350327643372,51.435239784783,51.4356504763157,51.4362194655864,51.4364046991155,51.4366028343789,51.4367851984494,51.4371691665967,51.4376531623533,51.4377451878679,51.4378752894665,51.4382992675325,51.438345671699,51.4386315357827,51.4389904855116,51.4390404839014,51.4392688846619,51.4394806597887,51.4396537519498,51.4399502432355,51.4402045681824,51.4407091156966,51.4407466834524,51.440811954825,51.4408793283754,51.4409859688598,51.4409961057528,51.4410460577663,51.4411509796477,51.4412645614882,51.4413360824465,51.4413992939702,51.4414520919753,51.4416524386065,51.4417844388292,51.441922634898,51.4419781733526,51.4420146434826,51.442047792171,51.4420517871861,51.4421404500269,51.4423100640282,51.4423509263209,51.4423871701104,51.4423879443726,51.4423886187162,51.442429256417,51.4424460065975,51.4424802281939,51.4424857945115,51.4426137446921,51.4426212330035,51.442670780591,51.4427775135906,51.4428991724715,51.4429164203599,51.4429637958786,51.4430699535095,51.4430755696428,51.4431423140907,51.4432033676479,51.4432283781061,51.4432403841314,51.4432993912092,51.4434432893819,51.4434952561566,51.4435301509496,51.4435411585377,51.4435917030004,51.4435969188141,51.4436722730781,51.4436541004183,51.4436508303011,51.4436902919258,51.4437920528649,51.4438194067895,51.4438946339506,51.4439447012708,51.4440071178549,51.4441539284681,51.4441718489423,51.444207359626,51.4442376292888,51.4443170736051,51.4443140503726,51.4443081033533,51.443275436908,51.4421160904385,51.4419775829666,51.4419523975262,51.4417410294996,51.4417052259568,51.4416278253004,51.4416244798278,51.4415898224362,51.4415769132338,51.4415325640524,51.4415106476479,51.4415433414031,51.4415786329606,51.4416053031556,51.4416444602538,51.4417383519206,51.4417967268615,51.4418528108932,51.4419012876361,51.4419531595513,51.4420838051661,51.442192872566,51.442367575287,51.4425739280149,51.4427159979137,51.4427352097786,51.4434091088538,51.4442109171529,51.4444411341459,51.4444445053303,51.4446598340689,51.4449925941461,51.4452336159651,51.4457017284022,51.4466913481251,51.4467775242446,51.4471413827951,51.4472046276999,51.447433356524,51.4476525232925,51.4480331035658,51.4481258270635,51.4482571846699,51.4484387145837,51.4485316418972,51.4486654028772,51.4487186183882,51.4489586449244,51.4490134196566,51.4491304092039,51.4492805352427,51.4494123678026,51.4495276872893,51.4500318726188,51.4506043436924,51.450621838483,51.4502269015877,51.4507320689043,51.4507350933078,51.4511230686027,51.4511964990698,51.4513488011027,51.4517049041042,51.4516884731948,51.4515826613479,51.4515898748756,51.4530022187224,51.4530396306161,51.4531381644873,51.45326705249,51.4535961640176,51.4538182013657,51.4541121262829,51.4541877568387,51.4542868003872,51.4543644261618,51.4544303454373,51.4545737419582,51.4545944344101,51.4547043106037,51.4547515648695,51.4547934770639,51.4550391724003,51.4550460566671,51.4553381795585,51.4554699598673,51.4555550435905,51.4556395655434,51.4556870321966,51.4557267660853,51.4558657849046,51.45596833305,51.4560370923041,51.4561774786433,51.4563070410091,51.4564600302581,51.4565500477969,51.4566143118435,51.4566152598046,51.4566850442395,51.4566994464974,51.4567659674711,51.4568775417755,51.4569650165821,51.4570160538191,51.4571664696575,51.4571974415388,51.4575198145187,51.4578542246315,51.4580879277794,51.458464596121,51.4586727927243,51.4590340856703,51.4593408951137,51.4595538769964,51.4598395713902,51.4602953475797,51.4608766948244,51.4611497702282,51.4614008846564,51.4617252048107,51.4620647764564,51.4622899193621,51.4625053503099,51.4627737384579,51.4630128920263,51.4632715434283,51.4636383608983,51.4638419017324,51.4640366647657,51.4640872081961,51.464449458371,51.4645810865013,51.4646571604755,51.4647359055847,51.4648537206243,51.4651095364615,51.4653169511792,51.4655645452223,51.4658200320387,51.4658743177687,51.4659956046915,51.46606725248,51.466096809921,51.4661237492643,51.4662007047069,51.46622859126,51.4662694035586,51.4663413061105,51.4664785686338,51.4666534671283,51.4667136957012,51.466723821331,51.4667574432151,51.4668065232346,51.466831924677,51.4669569099401,51.4670724305142,51.4672646340137,51.4673576246169,51.4674911355442,51.4676246805918,51.4677382930022,51.46789228668,51.4679916942546,51.4681218177365,51.4682857821631,51.4684312219233,51.468796650857,51.4698069869445,51.4698524361052,51.4698971023188,51.4698790315707,51.4698302850281,51.4698296268551,51.4698294313139,51.4697933340848,51.4697444420986,51.4697016653756,51.4695717668402,51.4694564173732,51.4693655271978,51.469254199426,51.4692143149399,51.4691692527472,51.4691608517105,51.4691597551886,51.4691162841922,51.4689812295218,51.4691315236536,51.4693235086924,51.4694456184519,51.4694911573873,51.4696347686058,51.469850333792,51.4699188836316,51.4699513242049,51.470000459056,51.4700527259619,51.4700797580085,51.4701669879978,51.4706200377167,51.4712731028039,51.4715698864688,51.4719123003766,51.4722743100708,51.4725293457962,51.4728169370429,51.4730798789139,51.4733137248298,51.4733486450151,51.4734315180969,51.473715246704,51.4738532262227,51.4738447534653,51.4737423752731,51.4735321356391,51.4734332956729,51.4733408063935,51.4731727807558,51.4729551709283,51.4728721844056,51.4726814822513,51.4724463648098,51.4723487790822,51.4722605930177,51.4721521489131,51.4720234747342,51.4719374982933,51.4718787948176,51.4718482607881,51.471834504541,51.4718118807097,51.4718154378181,51.471822187566,51.4718368127487,51.4719529698045,51.4721181180677,51.4724009069535,51.4725547040651,51.4725789988118,51.4726291023214,51.4727565752291,51.4727546832965,51.4727396793531,51.4727345729836,51.4726077731793,51.4725525676514,51.472388529621,51.4723407245745,51.4723521404454,51.472370204101,51.4723937040686,51.4724924498407,51.4726754512087,51.4725221638653,51.4721520002928,51.4721312835193,51.4719179473406,51.4719171461976,51.4718867025509,51.4717689822952,51.4713992957959,51.4706715655967,51.4701183899372,51.47005009239,51.4697822205324,51.4696560185151,51.4693794247605,51.4689365317918,51.4687670566889,51.4684720102783,51.4683076831326,51.468233932629,51.4680397302334,51.4680363089776,51.468150491798,51.4682619272201,51.4683302266473,51.4684800876072,51.4685491879494,51.4688602205361,51.468995795525,51.4690488156892,51.4692275218192,51.4690560707115,51.4692476995163,51.4692985084868,51.4693402339938,51.4693420312184,51.4694104751749,51.4694333363112,51.4694615886538,51.4694783990321,51.4695259605622,51.4696052147567,51.4697124701874,51.4699488373457,51.4700595595005,51.4700623039624,51.4702509181003,51.4705000057589,51.4705500355877,51.470586852718,51.4706110414512,51.4705249186193,51.4706454249907,51.4707481850378,51.4708793611569,51.4710634318896,51.4710693331866,51.4711021909146,51.4711894789254,51.471137871821,51.471229264717,51.4714673980409,51.47193815222,51.4719854878073,51.4720111108249,51.4720470804206,51.4720275597383,51.472041938561,51.4720554182307,51.4720788798193,51.4720974595456,51.4721845772455,51.4722871167327,51.4723712223053,51.4724172459627,51.4726129239062,51.4726764334406,51.4727252010941,51.4727821534518,51.4728483106333,51.4729219726213,51.4729878143928,51.4730177359324,51.4730832622818,51.4731239676255,51.4731599615862,51.4731742672464,51.4731699940073,51.4731837163677,51.4731976571274,51.47321414797,51.4733475316261,51.4734107260726,51.4734451891724,51.4734825424353,51.4735209886262,51.4735891862992,51.4736622169875,51.4737059819094,51.4737435293246,51.4738175309068,51.4738754543728,51.4739336702666,51.4740259836831,51.4739476093838,51.4739523452287,51.4740159757421,51.4740396305789,51.4740608808172,51.4740859433551,51.474086865074,51.4739664258459,51.4739854160754,51.4740879073666,51.4740994922816,51.4742709328183,51.4742827096788,51.4744642298232,51.4745325487956,51.474730874914,51.4750814785875,51.4751945826924,51.4752540368401,51.4753190533318,51.4753539066932,51.4753171605701,51.4752843736452,51.4752837426932,51.4752718461044,51.4752460791538,51.4751856067754,51.4753442516429,51.4752376567344,51.4752411783284,51.4753066556282,51.4754773430151,51.4756874958135,51.475756251368,51.4758509451516,51.4758610013282,51.4762343392992,51.476408937468,51.4764672744383,51.476548950506,51.4766240203092,51.4768427197585,51.4768713775891,51.4768841033925,51.4768995000786,51.4768990133186,51.4768962924801,51.4768812584138,51.4768767410451,51.4767699290835,51.4766863560058,51.4770031461009,51.4770372437673,51.4770681846064,51.477130601173,51.4773172915543,51.4778006506688,51.478130126184,51.4782036178471,51.4790309663078,51.4793776782093,51.4793426296957,51.479674911076,51.4796941939454,51.4797265180428,51.4797766423925,51.4799418961357,51.4799877944664,51.4800656775712,51.4812282465223,51.4813902592187,51.48142991731,51.4814753080126,51.48168285993,51.4816498009921,51.4817661788065,51.4817725665273,51.481806984523,51.4818416728237,51.4819367942138,51.4821874749208,51.4822765685387,51.4825246281931,51.4825679820339,51.4825981714145,51.482652623276,51.4828457531078,51.4830376437303,51.4830824526255,51.4831588573349,51.4831808603596,51.4832183084902,51.4832320050254,51.4832452392631,51.4832404776027,51.4832361272515,51.4831695814366,51.4829599862351,51.4829223179958,51.4828694141473,51.4828816457705,51.4828193494212,51.4828267737581,51.483059973642,51.4831272475197,51.4830971441577,51.4831534153316,51.4831307163667,51.4829601514115,51.4829438791512,51.482938225651,51.4829363178886,51.4829418192517,51.482947422194,51.4830378887551,51.4830731328738,51.4831067012481,51.4830564236412,51.4831127799682,51.4830541705789,51.4830761381047,51.4830813100166,51.4833118219339,51.4833778066498,51.4834156054119,51.4834289764561,51.4835601241023,51.4836084778428,51.4838172062072,51.4838561048509,51.4837352458532,51.4836558448867,51.4836067579274,51.4838270011064,51.4837919182816,51.4845184239823,51.4846159896022,51.4847070217744,51.4846814124206,51.484623633897,51.4849040756648,51.4848725429795,51.4849332395973,51.4848721182764,51.4849438919691,51.4850154535001,51.4856445891963,51.4858430435541,51.4859009060754,51.4862383151126,51.4861582480028,51.4860184209822,51.4858976225861,51.4860937731456,51.4862012863332,51.4862680925902,51.4863301359439,51.4863592499995,51.4865935781766,51.4865180522545,51.486714008048,51.4868673595824,51.4874223984086,51.487527317874,51.4876015476323,51.4877424599828,51.4878060046637,51.4877661160281,51.4879718641181,51.4880256638452,51.4884953966054,51.48845222486,51.4884601893762,51.4885424426981,51.4885884506254,51.4890847785959,51.4890922054957,51.4899447109206,51.4899642314745,51.4904650949117,51.4904897913924,51.4913719526522,51.4914195291951,51.4914651118909,51.4917899782111,51.4918597984327,51.4920586318272,51.4923207985302,51.492564291265,51.4928107775168,51.4930027579343,51.4929135145676,51.4931393053002,51.49330814021,51.4934149611623,51.4936646558142,51.4937033480947,51.4939857853824,51.4940209921698,51.4941106273583,51.4941577335248,51.4941652871895,51.4943916733273,51.4944116881402,51.4944488254525,51.4944866648479,51.4945243568574,51.4945849948305,51.4946980501965,51.494710693911,51.494729775197,51.4947570175566,51.4947988585904,51.495010137877,51.4951161091686,51.4951836760113,51.4954959834167,51.4952331985656,51.4963935073027,51.4964524070686,51.4965562367951,51.4974116796528,51.4974771970964,51.4983533350216,51.4983912848221,51.4988519104464,51.4988982815317,51.4988848696889,51.4993937246978,51.4994906597437,51.4996712626344,51.4997693571387,51.5001392054798,51.5009790212327,51.5012980730312,51.5013096338411,51.5015110672102,51.5017059895894,51.5017222870321,51.5017611657112,51.5019048834276,51.5019890973155,51.5019431984071,51.5020323958064,51.5020413817937,51.5021366910035,51.5021484709124,51.5022736460036,51.5027215289656,51.5029253944253,51.5030425618633,51.5031913671903,51.503336234408,51.5035250401797,51.5038143611584,51.5039657187703,51.5040599437976,51.5042409832876,51.504326874555,51.5045234769129,51.5046966571915,51.5047920681912,51.5048228117605,51.5048832890843,51.5048679618688,51.5048462018516,51.5047191741864,51.5044223097047,51.5043066989308,51.504087367522,51.5037352024899,51.503301152288,51.5030117519234,51.5018022657916,51.5017309043808,51.5015311397368,51.5011258970839,51.4994563213776,51.4988771122852,51.4986323570715,51.4981783987989,51.4981359517991,51.4979447051468,51.4978001756114,51.4976189939179,51.4973891229027,51.4973495687563,51.4973294536331,51.4970762163988,51.4970380552668,51.4969960772454,51.4966017209597,51.4964974598004,51.4964409639615,51.4963460675451,51.4962194728016,51.4960781281638,51.4960781034216,51.4959701461932,51.4959116311045,51.495893840266,51.4958795942813,51.495917820659,51.4954824333615,51.4954818215445,51.4954169535407,51.4953459048131,51.4953298610643,51.4952996519718,51.495254679924,51.4951961505837,51.4951249775161,51.4950738210362,51.4951471404711,51.4949992054538,51.494766213128,51.4948793918776,51.4947509969272,51.4946982745893,51.4946245416034,51.494454178346,51.4940148086048,51.4939458068871,51.4940832460184,51.4942963348775,51.49424937781,51.4940801504805,51.4939386791598,51.4938621451248,51.4938515069537,51.493855868667,51.4939112328703,51.4938844250438,51.4937954431621,51.4938262837888,51.4938652470117,51.4937558710021,51.4937889339725,51.4938952656599,51.4939496406326,51.4939159447031,51.4938977488618,51.4939452118471,51.4938485419675,51.4939123539128,51.4939581845344,51.4942084943649,51.4942438927113,51.4942476891496,51.4942667361961,51.4943541276219,51.4944204241012,51.4944892899121,51.4946757885761,51.4946964284484,51.494759873416,51.4948213722294,51.4948596574198,51.4948718083849,51.4948053787709,51.4948408650945,51.4948343206111,51.4948633423496,51.4948826859823,51.4949827249741,51.4950418259589,51.4950622322302,51.4951236907497,51.4953122818658,51.4953964946172,51.4954513086403,51.4954308250482,51.4954169736913,51.4954013493199,51.4953495016452,51.4953110349893,51.4951842994179,51.4950807482369,51.4950117036623,51.4949626561755,51.4949152295993,51.4949119045908,51.4947559778875,51.4946548741523,51.4945163137685,51.4944752220898,51.4944647680486,51.4945046130892,51.4944986259884,51.4944563831388,51.4944574727172,51.4944927991683,51.4944582797684,51.4944099736673,51.4940572301876,51.4940550541297,51.494058770688,51.4944240941094,51.4944506611524,51.4944592378468,51.4942031743089,51.4942019471558,51.4942158349946,51.494442981461,51.4944794573179,51.4945666448712,51.4946212066869,51.4944942047925,51.4945543540451,51.4945591871779,51.4946664473425,51.4945141692721,51.4945130679978,51.4945306201795,51.4947252419888,51.4947534475652,51.4947421523179,51.4949547073642,51.4950094837489,51.4950511385897,51.4951669098967,51.4955188056867,51.4959006759455,51.4960993928969,51.4959336194001,51.4958911708269,51.4958795662359,51.495949946392,51.4962728978606,51.4965070297361,51.4966924150957,51.497329455989,51.4981467179195,51.4988882937008,51.4988218378244,51.498861326762,51.4989026383431,51.4989945643837,51.499836126862,51.5004141362828,51.5004141107003,51.5006669291776,51.5006990241666,51.501018001746,51.5028126610095,51.5032929127882,51.5035244900262,51.5035491663246,51.5035007489747,51.5034133316918,51.5034231424695,51.5036654740446,51.5037331504397,51.5037979773593,51.5038865555304,51.503969636551,51.5040482730875,51.5043221780018,51.5050210975422,51.505043535613,51.5054464454073,51.5055562746655,51.5056628735842,51.5058556311606,51.506492124812,51.5079205424308,51.5083414969315,51.5087258156141,51.5088174663865,51.5089194125194,51.5090075203517,51.5090396088648,51.5090807035393,51.5090890154232,51.5090476828791,51.5089536306883,51.509215550699,51.5094039942641,51.5094903279172,51.509596485356,51.5096414630729,51.5096771548194,51.5096461454317,51.5095840445104,51.5095251678254,51.5094888916537,51.5094815504777,51.5094328736436,51.5093861174253,51.5094106708443,51.5094740530226,51.5095170248132,51.5096047199088,51.5097090763385,51.5098875060647,51.5101523391423,51.5102974049631,51.5105305691147,51.5107783939628,51.5111734527899,51.5114446653239]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.223425180211038,-0.223269121948767,-0.223112534958677,-0.222759163639294,-0.22172587754476,-0.220390229911776,-0.2197974915513,-0.219088692181997,-0.218994522965355,-0.217465526517659,-0.216850846832608,-0.21547790905639,-0.21518749771272,-0.214720107487179,-0.214767693644771,-0.213364742041129,-0.212780963813847,-0.212801425107596,-0.212644698937098,-0.212566017905328,-0.21174270265159,-0.210473689597838,-0.209056369329508,-0.207269639716489,-0.206987545290257,-0.205766455395799,-0.203438975932801,-0.202012342002208,-0.202010903261322,-0.200300992077403,-0.199983361355552,-0.199670637446194,-0.199111360561345,-0.199078305095839,-0.195540457849623,-0.195162995636535,-0.195093667336942,-0.195121092722375,-0.195127287975686,-0.195121516712632,-0.194990943362623,-0.195122670998983,-0.195126110051948,-0.195116489277647,-0.195164291353482,-0.195170217556294,-0.194924842932909,-0.19447776125468,-0.1941342110753,-0.194130131716856,-0.194436227083245,-0.194588834078171,-0.194590272720993,-0.194744713871187,-0.194685269896639,-0.194781777897367,-0.194832405440176,-0.194854472109154,-0.194851351557995,-0.194804766140528,-0.194698368688172,-0.194626783918218,-0.194586460441217,-0.194418869879356,-0.193882867039973,-0.194368222474642,-0.194411190508341,-0.194443110113651,-0.194473059030905,-0.194502192238709,-0.194551035474485,-0.194570523594617,-0.194609338044363,-0.194815342560185,-0.194839263716102,-0.194385212105688,-0.194217562274461,-0.194041135014101,-0.194128037825072,-0.192577957937094,-0.19234971433272,-0.191700666649411,-0.191256344623087,-0.190840547512359,-0.190328867827917,-0.190088187422621,-0.188869323838236,-0.188505436580395,-0.188454709089932,-0.187343743212457,-0.18711267887231,-0.18401503506065,-0.183439568213366,-0.182578971011573,-0.182351998965595,-0.182214544655188,-0.182005453812635,-0.181398800468606,-0.181313426748019,-0.18115825570107,-0.180933991241485,-0.180796834577371,-0.180720234834244,-0.180266635453288,-0.179289444088202,-0.179095972779779,-0.17894556345935,-0.178814986510914,-0.178502433452037,-0.178493513418963,-0.17845183409982,-0.178782020368951,-0.178561353250108,-0.177980320441257,-0.177974313971222,-0.177952241882537,-0.178479819232423,-0.178320236251456,-0.178236745952529,-0.177827538280603,-0.177749906847386,-0.177629761432912,-0.177305794256179,-0.177240871222402,-0.177239109801317,-0.177564737875592,-0.17756437972789,-0.177503930045328,-0.177470815431707,-0.177419203753114,-0.177377932522265,-0.177304542163568,-0.177279152929691,-0.177147625575193,-0.177135450569733,-0.177111786557446,-0.176886506965817,-0.176724407022537,-0.176640107387824,-0.176301768159235,-0.175946590356089,-0.175895012023302,-0.175781284725217,-0.175754775778587,-0.175733951603161,-0.175883806009014,-0.175853409909988,-0.175979992603129,-0.175997948578488,-0.176019540851844,-0.176023899289886,-0.176003146981733,-0.175680002772046,-0.175612654122572,-0.175805080901082,-0.175539467286821,-0.175455543148333,-0.175271396270685,-0.175153185769187,-0.174919891961328,-0.174658420987649,-0.174399462611657,-0.174180182181435,-0.17384418590115,-0.173768523779133,-0.173392870419865,-0.173098415559658,-0.172451570357492,-0.172157178853321,-0.172021244063028,-0.171629232220285,-0.171417087431359,-0.171318856846056,-0.171134490272437,-0.170968329090311,-0.170865062712047,-0.170667668650397,-0.16862314826118,-0.16789443509574,-0.167898791606703,-0.167786491706405,-0.167748527259227,-0.166266228565712,-0.165806765005484,-0.165763505127424,-0.165032802019596,-0.164996790771926,-0.164966064209163,-0.164915151508195,-0.164880933161746,-0.161550724742027,-0.157886867781603,-0.156247666570981,-0.153961151006976,-0.152875625519708,-0.15279071461766,-0.152143735109803,-0.150222607248987,-0.150187745254896,-0.150027526532978,-0.150016822882229,-0.149479951512979,-0.149251151962471,-0.149108183425674,-0.14803967747885,-0.147241313311061,-0.146703325845401,-0.146365735694644,-0.146163444177099,-0.143486928059933,-0.141614238499812,-0.140621907378002,-0.140390164104171,-0.140276897043098,-0.140077234717127,-0.138947850425302,-0.138388214816925,-0.138208593894998,-0.138091973229967,-0.13785105947607,-0.137616719768883,-0.137354362574865,-0.137307142024522,-0.136914809867336,-0.136901884798163,-0.13684214063454,-0.136819279840003,-0.136801092404133,-0.136768548464346,-0.136733455539962,-0.136679834691943,-0.136170982474178,-0.136120130089909,-0.135919855472681,-0.135775657267849,-0.135738308363287,-0.135664573417181,-0.134540907682445,-0.134542401786143,-0.134157569411664,-0.133197337953019,-0.133137281690714,-0.13271816537731,-0.132638399392832,-0.132441556058482,-0.13213676917714,-0.131998725485744,-0.131930312542015,-0.13200517224749,-0.131685753582438,-0.13148552102351,-0.131335731740823,-0.131165901286635,-0.130721325070672,-0.130556362114923,-0.13048937970689,-0.129963772457749,-0.129687498889917,-0.129349667829414,-0.129139046893621,-0.129137607524831,-0.128821548942545,-0.128504127792415,-0.128455634947445,-0.128368339650401,-0.128171746425765,-0.128035930845084,-0.127727240296149,-0.127052352814204,-0.126531888111467,-0.12636370163664,-0.1268735114221,-0.127049050673229,-0.127161070390208,-0.127279859397038,-0.127405731835023,-0.127496477292734,-0.127989872366079,-0.128635486439486,-0.129168138126041,-0.129459037650374,-0.129947544105655,-0.130188995280464,-0.130219991155674,-0.130311392382061,-0.130348292115677,-0.130352830338586,-0.13037057894711,-0.130441377616564,-0.130567883443736,-0.130583341377803,-0.130644934085059,-0.130661757702418,-0.130853681715717,-0.130985059354685,-0.131168547730105,-0.131344882250843,-0.131412327669543,-0.131544406160754,-0.131611697163077,-0.131736233738392,-0.131829554833591,-0.131877099887468,-0.131969545631798,-0.131988174234073,-0.131989613404247,-0.131992638614136,-0.132061425051187,-0.13210720693736,-0.132275060519122,-0.132632231914222,-0.13309478670857,-0.133319289629018,-0.133646005365873,-0.133833679708412,-0.133883435069424,-0.133883428269518,-0.133980314972322,-0.134057228864073,-0.134111659568437,-0.134244027297499,-0.134520328388082,-0.134527853658549,-0.134710816358809,-0.134952915412768,-0.134857818342357,-0.134872832032163,-0.135230572700357,-0.134706485337658,-0.134533929325043,-0.134461785208729,-0.134449154728915,-0.134479218523145,-0.13453725629124,-0.134502032056657,-0.134494241129245,-0.134486349288335,-0.134557768238402,-0.134721998398648,-0.134747570687607,-0.134798788605454,-0.135071693474869,-0.135238908700959,-0.135348765997193,-0.135596573204696,-0.135704414379685,-0.135787169730419,-0.135909923757828,-0.136080091248305,-0.136258599647836,-0.13627557456055,-0.136293988472524,-0.136310963396635,-0.136327901701608,-0.136343401018312,-0.136358900340684,-0.136374363044888,-0.136388350136404,-0.136492601886568,-0.136660960608793,-0.136918036893619,-0.137492551566589,-0.137849022389014,-0.138042859248309,-0.138349190603968,-0.138516013519783,-0.138678677816737,-0.138726920290969,-0.138746615389697,-0.139066285214347,-0.139159732313647,-0.139209474594352,-0.139270423241419,-0.139448975615883,-0.139502107721296,-0.13959971183484,-0.139578566067387,-0.139455972006275,-0.139316231136524,-0.139741292312205,-0.139866906594007,-0.140342638428323,-0.140981336509298,-0.141784401177271,-0.141495707066829,-0.141583978595376,-0.142676865558519,-0.143100405044462,-0.143240731508532,-0.146114549751295,-0.147298420822349,-0.149429105499227,-0.15034529735977,-0.150618707584456,-0.150643219361426,-0.150641475648971,-0.150565707922629,-0.150470385432594,-0.151231440776376,-0.150991820536176,-0.150982575894671,-0.150967264984522,-0.150793133141798,-0.150731777235593,-0.150660554465939,-0.150535730391458,-0.150462437872661,-0.150384793337291,-0.150054847132415,-0.149930470525412,-0.149785293435531,-0.149702639551016,-0.149693477708396,-0.149671310636056,-0.149390467703309,-0.14929908852732,-0.149217219484626,-0.14896436596369,-0.148664622769225,-0.148365722793896,-0.148340791231727,-0.148333429116793,-0.148153901906247,-0.148080133856551,-0.147976942510853,-0.1479699417333,-0.148001656770303,-0.147958023813109,-0.147780674414259,-0.147651125425807,-0.147631060829538,-0.147378014758044,-0.147729989815446,-0.147359944859507,-0.146569772482711,-0.144621475243336,-0.143768645666085,-0.143612289191087,-0.143147423439467,-0.142322636054121,-0.142327935919123,-0.14237261191223,-0.142443739774792,-0.142583743483739,-0.142820933837657,-0.142953301005233,-0.143073614191755,-0.143360173809905,-0.14361726891556,-0.144068747593553,-0.144647607053157,-0.144795221274943,-0.144937083514845,-0.145174942972024,-0.145283375391459,-0.145440413773798,-0.145566209467677,-0.145586470909457,-0.145589219755579,-0.145678603887794,-0.145696480678902,-0.145687979027091,-0.145603491085663,-0.145406958130769,-0.145146059783223,-0.144854929024878,-0.14474971375206,-0.144594185015967,-0.144467146896157,-0.144337834134178,-0.144003546047174,-0.143823619507832,-0.143620746018612,-0.143271215544749,-0.142768671607667,-0.142358688306549,-0.141615520990297,-0.140804329352142,-0.13904175197888,-0.137885144957469,-0.137370345974172,-0.137351542017351,-0.136751142692421,-0.136416885660881,-0.136395509492335,-0.136023276867431,-0.13598006283615,-0.135904030302223,-0.135941865685118,-0.136104211428924,-0.136424240542724,-0.136688365263256,-0.136807525528614,-0.137011418628809,-0.137047038864715,-0.137048586543168,-0.137371898974046,-0.137433244803409,-0.137477224864496,-0.137497636786352,-0.13751834113913,-0.137487863544698,-0.13747598205927,-0.137286305256631,-0.137301879418514,-0.13725980095914,-0.137259898657787,-0.137303354429347,-0.137381492348265,-0.137383478701173,-0.137401295266007,-0.13750418086666,-0.13768372603967,-0.137815477505515,-0.138003196962673,-0.138306848405831,-0.138508993160534,-0.138981959773895,-0.139119203996465,-0.139325293548115,-0.139381248135705,-0.139737149598729,-0.139912604839843,-0.139972939086074,-0.139877384990536,-0.139805082744063,-0.139759061017731,-0.139697625222881,-0.139648099374187,-0.139489628323096,-0.139110238463698,-0.138228777521511,-0.137857583541824,-0.137598979853489,-0.136931901315918,-0.13668618801318,-0.136522574237384,-0.136455597568822,-0.136150255057233,-0.135869692057119,-0.135594044813573,-0.135364988199971,-0.135264182248907,-0.135332096812983,-0.13537942978969,-0.135495550897682,-0.135930953451802,-0.136707716433853,-0.137223228720877,-0.137711865188074,-0.138398535918847,-0.138387045012409,-0.138382390212501,-0.138382463270683,-0.138385737843622,-0.138364627100931,-0.138394222797694,-0.138411108755534,-0.138437233308592,-0.138489413983481,-0.138541377515274,-0.138764492707366,-0.138871916501968,-0.138926413757535,-0.138932923226227,-0.138922158756224,-0.138866506581606,-0.138825117852714,-0.138530592292179,-0.138516606450055,-0.138302061314228,-0.137851931036043,-0.138171703589366,-0.138519110930354,-0.139046762255499,-0.139509898827732,-0.140405494752076,-0.140671447917503,-0.140884598857362,-0.140996350362542,-0.14117523852996,-0.141390897083819,-0.141576897391942,-0.141822372935828,-0.142024327768883,-0.142665209211279,-0.142792111039875,-0.143111502274547,-0.143512926228988,-0.143746986166281,-0.144003005062212,-0.144480272756119,-0.144505888939803,-0.144696518701063,-0.145005424234608,-0.145285840607153,-0.145294318797906,-0.145598824732928,-0.14577848716981,-0.145851626109895,-0.145882591925995,-0.145996103447251,-0.146053396177895,-0.146272107079773,-0.146474844395183,-0.146813638313732,-0.146918291124724,-0.147039990311314,-0.147440892015381,-0.147599141980721,-0.14766999042894,-0.147896312417742,-0.148188648831691,-0.148655071548329,-0.149227862473595,-0.149341252662643,-0.149548636735602,-0.149793791661289,-0.149923610528023,-0.150135707290301,-0.150284284728096,-0.150428273860037,-0.150547587781318,-0.15077360541155,-0.151000950837866,-0.151161946881068,-0.151327640493158,-0.151909774734159,-0.153295182873667,-0.155364713937201,-0.155759243191587,-0.156170427320984,-0.156841357728466,-0.157545093139999,-0.158187994772622,-0.158791125097147,-0.159289263753565,-0.159592145023198,-0.159678381579814,-0.159700694595222,-0.159699014197283,-0.159882855445242,-0.159918566829479,-0.160022235824973,-0.160019944804672,-0.160043744025649,-0.15991387673416,-0.160037208381347,-0.159965307705257,-0.15997307230713,-0.160083158712924,-0.160361824647139,-0.160361265428697,-0.16099519592065,-0.161181960509984,-0.161555955655827,-0.161599194616421,-0.161671170495535,-0.162719178104546,-0.163543356446854,-0.164139893187577,-0.164552124836984,-0.165093648178874,-0.165052605475168,-0.16488069740619,-0.164833467743318,-0.165072858628127,-0.166181069777441,-0.16652938173363,-0.166736902783587,-0.167032714780981,-0.167138614402154,-0.167563251978441,-0.167596778748361,-0.168425038152169,-0.168448072980775,-0.169189558712457,-0.169630666780133,-0.170633816545397,-0.17101729391959,-0.171068864172494,-0.171374221257586,-0.17158456354694,-0.172100628365195,-0.17223054279909,-0.172416087896237,-0.172839975134664,-0.173347063712362,-0.17359719541811,-0.173722882348717,-0.173771075406798,-0.174630397596768,-0.174606180497181,-0.174692935463203,-0.174823571997585,-0.175143138098504,-0.175586442506008,-0.175828310008758,-0.1765150263262,-0.177470674623817,-0.178000341513642,-0.178798824699208,-0.179073825989989,-0.180824003650698,-0.181939892038868,-0.183232415260877,-0.183945805579307,-0.184092749662233,-0.184347474928952,-0.184552676493016,-0.18456473748947,-0.184540560661142,-0.184523863897195,-0.184296137372592,-0.184197905032012,-0.184154089151462,-0.184248350398868,-0.184256798628705,-0.18433819178595,-0.184407073052232,-0.184393374902737,-0.184379951320198,-0.184419675963704,-0.184580268501119,-0.184736834092788,-0.184912684372076,-0.185288425131817,-0.185430760225636,-0.18576162641869,-0.186424469738152,-0.18657375024652,-0.18728934056314,-0.187301133240841,-0.187419484394074,-0.187453990598933,-0.188243498089568,-0.188332659018694,-0.188358412197421,-0.189254218530158,-0.18924461619795,-0.189088956918854,-0.189119611510457,-0.189796813190377,-0.189957853705527,-0.190224418281575,-0.190342472268046,-0.190408945079303,-0.190449147881699,-0.190473144860041,-0.190542706388736,-0.190667986604897,-0.190844903586018,-0.191062169196931,-0.191144053193562,-0.191159567405222,-0.191168833481667,-0.191176839261804,-0.191185164531795,-0.191183354182501,-0.191145492438381,-0.191132126173533,-0.19111875990248,-0.191103955814718,-0.191074347618658,-0.191059579010116,-0.191046177207008,-0.19103281089745,-0.190951210597782,-0.190866769946205,-0.190780926754434,-0.190779417925692,-0.19063957542993,-0.190373429215824,-0.190266013985427,-0.190184585662025,-0.190068895143049,-0.189886966137529,-0.189760138675801,-0.189643533172326,-0.189442146872972,-0.189350108782791,-0.189267470380858,-0.189215935152206,-0.189547891311205,-0.189728309642727,-0.189935053177359,-0.190271323786114,-0.190535253341024,-0.190667404992243,-0.190646065845111,-0.190530280074051,-0.190465088863047,-0.190461680109301,-0.190420369181559,-0.190313585784432,-0.190292068621343,-0.190210455706756,-0.189963362532542,-0.189941115590655,-0.189886678741991,-0.189802634601723,-0.189759174501374,-0.189945999801584,-0.19007088601829,-0.190063282946301,-0.190036700959779,-0.190030359842697,-0.190026060744335,-0.190039783085047,-0.190078930331022,-0.190092014938845,-0.190393794559876,-0.1925225132604,-0.192864304164488,-0.193416170744627,-0.194458345396505,-0.19454817699178,-0.194610534649988,-0.196452988874281,-0.196705661483956,-0.197170629580896,-0.198517409964959,-0.201605972422474,-0.202733909900188,-0.203000405713254,-0.203681763386592,-0.204255754594381,-0.204285381242103,-0.204557872934365,-0.205439355455684,-0.205889808031532,-0.206682568578134,-0.207289133318302,-0.207476285821847,-0.207876539504476,-0.208042645088993,-0.208317126025256,-0.20868542640525,-0.20912888738175,-0.209938332252755,-0.210387999286957,-0.210997070458147,-0.211683895869717,-0.212119564734948,-0.212229551457238,-0.212545867881214,-0.212779062713697,-0.212969083698439,-0.213151704448254,-0.21324597847812,-0.213781074797159,-0.214249463371049,-0.215108344415922,-0.215551198969986,-0.215707268986995,-0.215734730277203,-0.215920973551429,-0.215950120287915,-0.215990455638825,-0.216033702001042,-0.216076983443138,-0.216123175900613,-0.216169368424697,-0.216176383212553,-0.216238148417786,-0.21653150834728,-0.216885297993785,-0.217134355422567,-0.217331747670597,-0.217394494226774,-0.21745731079921,-0.217521600381402,-0.217585959968398,-0.217650319584253,-0.217714749194908,-0.217780616818306,-0.217846554426972,-0.217912562013192,-0.217978569613589,-0.218044647181222,-0.218069093006011,-0.218135205559783,-0.218201388066889,-0.218267605547387,-0.218333892968222,-0.218401618372328,-0.218466537726651,-0.218532930025951,-0.218597954252597,-0.218815929756103,-0.219158271219289,-0.219598844433089,-0.21970441146297,-0.220438226716745,-0.221130992468925,-0.223239723935903,-0.22427689451127,-0.224507851358219,-0.224798170198788,-0.225130714575872,-0.22550592724577,-0.225893260597383,-0.226982138649379,-0.227638466748739,-0.228809580410419,-0.229291141805464,-0.230098902664299,-0.230463497886138,-0.23090729984406,-0.231074279576481,-0.231323452736753,-0.231656137340715,-0.232210600086257,-0.233167972736865,-0.235159028956506,-0.236076933231897,-0.236899196999039,-0.237613192646629,-0.238478819471094,-0.239201427172269,-0.239814422873449,-0.240507879382365,-0.240711671387132,-0.241195600263304,-0.241717670851746,-0.242260961509502,-0.242767001989164,-0.243235885755999,-0.243729728241266,-0.244100108404933,-0.245016680538701,-0.245968259212372,-0.246407276287918,-0.247456751695841,-0.248235998992505,-0.248774215798102,-0.249689913160668,-0.25027666929051,-0.250648769989878,-0.250792659431678,-0.25091463804416,-0.251084098979243,-0.251065537247352,-0.251036556386915,-0.251039635417233,-0.251026295048623,-0.251037344257458,-0.251093463572339,-0.251214181109201,-0.251254537389131,-0.251299379015378,-0.251411694675382,-0.251474614850555,-0.251615177556386,-0.251670157047472,-0.251785867789072,-0.25198952722555,-0.252099864536896,-0.252609478368862,-0.252726457932758,-0.252843815004341,-0.252935221485619,-0.253024504565483,-0.253110500699725,-0.253256851396984,-0.253321929109266,-0.253399569547878,-0.253456119705922,-0.253449092647981,-0.253451236323361,-0.253473583385406,-0.253512198937161,-0.253556703554318,-0.253610007449281,-0.253738116637043,-0.253814154336307,-0.254034943401868,-0.254090577576609,-0.253273482903965,-0.252043111502103,-0.251151618974599,-0.249062922788719,-0.24793628154058,-0.245945745755057,-0.245026076157786,-0.244454412720561,-0.243774807414453,-0.243203269186391,-0.242729251502426,-0.242455681461838,-0.241963685538341,-0.241659478487056,-0.241629300276254,-0.242046906210449,-0.24256061541588,-0.243029004642084,-0.244244663129499,-0.244500053307515,-0.245047799014334,-0.245524788571522,-0.246009969965182,-0.246684128045195,-0.247076200532549,-0.247245172551122,-0.247286705187071,-0.247326352166795,-0.249285140936609,-0.252448423409467,-0.254988896444754,-0.259113080888369,-0.259080290727771,-0.259018560461488,-0.258954738462791,-0.258731686859389,-0.2585290765187,-0.258525994104693,-0.258340880578701,-0.25815055497255,-0.257702311774841,-0.257317522738801,-0.257246587437958,-0.25715575082662,-0.257153528102124,-0.257049296454716,-0.256984797866029,-0.256867616239681,-0.256825552634227,-0.256809899408928,-0.256808049824148,-0.258043451373944,-0.25802053637831,-0.258021975077938,-0.257905652882113,-0.25753448260018,-0.257519171199052,-0.257089279760676,-0.256601038801992,-0.256020357589563,-0.255536302906849,-0.253931914977305,-0.253554103744435,-0.252915542564481,-0.251828146434312,-0.251066037375099,-0.24944858348429,-0.249046257919987,-0.248641943371561,-0.248137557312544,-0.245048347320034,-0.243976097896884,-0.243014996135636,-0.241502569637108,-0.235574039193845,-0.235233092946074,-0.234896775897649,-0.234563649402307,-0.2333142397631,-0.233340819642826,-0.233407257358879,-0.233479543155605,-0.233568007474942,-0.233580209466072,-0.233649556609787,-0.233647204563629,-0.233649665835274,-0.23356684964512,-0.233414844451212,-0.233277350254628,-0.232830643675882,-0.23332724157847,-0.233392159623594,-0.233415835395262,-0.233447513761887,-0.23339020567389,-0.233226979126454,-0.233100680150545,-0.233014801368324,-0.232969930119326,-0.232950462614879,-0.232891041631496,-0.232895349002447,-0.2329469056857,-0.232948032198802,-0.233025079971979,-0.233009593658468,-0.232986063299889,-0.232949407769827,-0.232748343543538,-0.232740796470878,-0.232730063149232,-0.232695471238853,-0.232615399889741,-0.232108817183654,-0.231722798311351,-0.231492491372775,-0.231107980781797,-0.230968842659799,-0.230803440083932,-0.230745272645873,-0.230678888099044,-0.230382095551373,-0.229986753793482,-0.229687622671626,-0.229582733214464,-0.229455875475899,-0.229291045900623,-0.22922197154346,-0.229080492323997,-0.228766744821562,-0.228529394054334,-0.22839551653279,-0.228357080170875,-0.228124083226375,-0.227802250751847,-0.227072377103923,-0.226783993664805,-0.226342123686131,-0.225739145441287,-0.225572793510482,-0.224337930334984,-0.223728230121592,-0.223636133991769,-0.223566677909432,-0.223508524364632,-0.223461708256548,-0.223420438657906,-0.223380223988225,-0.223351416568084,-0.223338158877314,-0.223333822091861,-0.223339558374668,-0.223385392832387,-0.223442297861195,-0.223534445441536,-0.223541116906346,-0.22354199737702,-0.223527998885541,-0.223425180211038],"lat":[51.4715212021792,51.4714612857135,51.4715632255274,51.4717269283793,51.4709352114725,51.4698853085276,51.4694293844079,51.4688853665909,51.4688263843427,51.4678643340003,51.4675294594942,51.4668871906307,51.4667289986577,51.4665312421013,51.4664555305137,51.4658460516574,51.4656429166419,51.4655613968607,51.4655194408037,51.4655802895275,51.4653177438238,51.4649296894992,51.464469214486,51.4639212425242,51.4638458880691,51.4635961003888,51.463182773795,51.4629990392714,51.4629990172076,51.4628073202296,51.4627574815835,51.4627292994434,51.46271081837,51.4628191200052,51.4628744319891,51.4624073059232,51.4621211759071,51.4619003822087,51.461852817244,51.4616342102452,51.4610395931738,51.4606927114418,51.4606055369588,51.4604480197805,51.4600755661447,51.4599983217115,51.459905518153,51.4598536712678,51.4598411860107,51.4599445371589,51.4599942141888,51.4600667059697,51.4600667281237,51.460202195577,51.4613073600227,51.4614518270637,51.4615551212816,51.4616525802235,51.4617316663265,51.4617813071475,51.4617050309894,51.461622096793,51.4615495357179,51.4613823917878,51.461467658042,51.4618267414043,51.4618687687211,51.4618989356013,51.4619425608996,51.4620068564168,51.4622647945556,51.4623181505036,51.4623924868381,51.4626807216203,51.4628771267681,51.4628917170191,51.4626895011331,51.4627461342667,51.4629516029633,51.4630877839731,51.4631076456936,51.4631749725721,51.463234663378,51.4633010874343,51.4633894106483,51.4634324565636,51.463674417478,51.4637749074836,51.463747146135,51.4640995678674,51.4641904167393,51.4654113236472,51.4656910689695,51.4662622460905,51.4663945147054,51.4664841074364,51.4666373354228,51.4671575869066,51.4672407923796,51.4674137395445,51.467622483903,51.4677768257822,51.4678565699545,51.4684736119228,51.4697650551569,51.4700677964425,51.4700483746648,51.4702540738186,51.470184472479,51.4701915279223,51.4702619213469,51.4703587742817,51.4706934653408,51.470604404279,51.4706106057066,51.4706947924294,51.4707884186981,51.4711438418005,51.4713601636429,51.4723429823061,51.4725566970818,51.4728255046705,51.4727889951809,51.472864422354,51.4728724882404,51.4729395982958,51.4729485852496,51.4730924252494,51.4732007200267,51.4734840814157,51.4736524992581,51.4738680781488,51.4739270340988,51.4741560971526,51.4742809038926,51.4743326926108,51.4748183830959,51.4751279029752,51.4753280245133,51.4752903896128,51.4759997700801,51.4761014824047,51.4761006123726,51.4761514573037,51.4762041891769,51.4762379943471,51.476277987806,51.476353695641,51.4763728592497,51.4764091652037,51.4764443038198,51.4764952383519,51.4768705946296,51.4768983228212,51.4769840478011,51.4773971680207,51.4775154626325,51.4777634883124,51.477910924448,51.4781995502774,51.4784724497379,51.4787184101924,51.478908335064,51.4791719790036,51.4792274534776,51.4794742919629,51.4796351669658,51.4799650043433,51.4800881094236,51.4801381469685,51.4802534340968,51.4803004841023,51.480271974657,51.4803446364079,51.4803942012997,51.4804195680302,51.4804578542667,51.4809124355334,51.4810916934911,51.4810189221464,51.4810180667272,51.4811029024555,51.4813270255257,51.4813998728484,51.4815089049283,51.4815936925796,51.4815220881132,51.4814982267072,51.4814749486378,51.4814663198521,51.4819078441463,51.4824429509328,51.4826626842671,51.4829693251598,51.4831015066617,51.4831712101052,51.4832500425034,51.4834949241352,51.4833954562798,51.4834396898716,51.4835618195052,51.4836243892666,51.4836549499395,51.4836643836483,51.4836601025692,51.4836358005399,51.4836192056168,51.4835976829565,51.4835782984141,51.4832005313367,51.4829613407179,51.482819713891,51.4827809679744,51.4827683805634,51.4827553219595,51.4827257123218,51.4827105340685,51.4827004882183,51.4826995357606,51.4827091989714,51.4827342534394,51.4827399780295,51.4824496677342,51.4824641176298,51.4826752372645,51.4826922730955,51.4827584547443,51.482780647137,51.4828017121496,51.4828146433519,51.4828227838486,51.4829396932593,51.4829505752717,51.4829878581505,51.4829567895583,51.4829543972567,51.4829613182467,51.4832150225573,51.483284288999,51.483361796907,51.483598305262,51.4835523863562,51.4836581199104,51.4836010958134,51.4836600095563,51.4837522745297,51.4836763365439,51.4837292020171,51.4838005365311,51.4840040749579,51.4841105936608,51.4841810464183,51.4842484818147,51.4844482243652,51.484502247644,51.4845200641178,51.4846231907795,51.484687127967,51.4847770601766,51.484820461272,51.4848204383072,51.4849062200969,51.4850252517628,51.4850487577115,51.4849646328526,51.484735781553,51.4847462030356,51.4847223902695,51.4846019032901,51.4845090588933,51.4844659051229,51.4838697497978,51.4836279560563,51.4833545728354,51.4828807634482,51.4824097648112,51.4820227351864,51.4818615530206,51.4816407495308,51.48147029713,51.4813652287741,51.4811823782946,51.4806664586374,51.4806480685198,51.4805964698483,51.4805745768103,51.480569253634,51.4805578463004,51.4804465681056,51.4802408568541,51.4802150248665,51.4802232008734,51.4801991891607,51.4799432628917,51.479759211006,51.4796038664784,51.4794825794014,51.4794180085172,51.4792519523079,51.4791559048763,51.4789276795852,51.4787232367463,51.4786169827365,51.4784691789933,51.4784362032831,51.4784362262108,51.4784326773803,51.4784409672619,51.4783778493797,51.4781467165327,51.4776524187271,51.4770105212182,51.4766966579858,51.4762423387938,51.4759485712626,51.4758585382347,51.4756822838344,51.4756370644433,51.4755519598381,51.4752767542519,51.4751736475882,51.4748956772974,51.4748877037151,51.4749562602447,51.4747047225399,51.4746708366094,51.4746557880718,51.4742873873899,51.4740740205498,51.4739975362445,51.4739658136733,51.4739224483874,51.4738914527356,51.4738806857966,51.4737910989492,51.473770292086,51.4736460690835,51.4734484696174,51.4733054027896,51.4733139029167,51.473329105807,51.4730987408068,51.4729530229722,51.4728720384854,51.4727626728109,51.4727311150603,51.4727144457262,51.472705606314,51.4726993190309,51.4727003581383,51.4727078220162,51.4727153087648,51.4727227726377,51.4727311351827,51.4727394748528,51.4727478145209,51.4727570528616,51.472767167003,51.4728236786356,51.4729324666137,51.4730903246869,51.4725958685407,51.4722930855262,51.4721298014106,51.4719620083984,51.4718963135554,51.4718620264395,51.4719149491591,51.4719970941558,51.4718906604699,51.471858871102,51.4718749479057,51.4718633255806,51.4717924200242,51.4717959609037,51.4717327631732,51.4717216365707,51.4716558440552,51.47151604026,51.4713672136523,51.4713233444947,51.4715925745952,51.4712888626441,51.4709086177792,51.4706783286697,51.4706320672454,51.4700639688947,51.4705194063444,51.4704676732921,51.4693342238085,51.4688637417347,51.4680152209962,51.4676825655692,51.4676149380845,51.4674004025778,51.4672654866954,51.4663263676108,51.4659777511042,51.465884541388,51.4642261313913,51.463956208716,51.4638363661604,51.4630512667326,51.4628596566012,51.4626984655116,51.4624743801249,51.4623644138719,51.4622552781671,51.4618705860711,51.4617067572417,51.461487745348,51.4613245746962,51.4613019486817,51.4612449456535,51.4593619651056,51.459094342527,51.4588763291392,51.4584370966412,51.4579116936398,51.4573656201852,51.457305875415,51.4572032437787,51.4564108599432,51.455957368058,51.4551284207594,51.4549457608176,51.4548734219547,51.4547423402576,51.4538609633168,51.4529722479201,51.4529701323652,51.4529634359405,51.4523395169742,51.4522365497011,51.4520235250046,51.4514792291836,51.4512148352395,51.4511664971551,51.4510952874546,51.4509913951646,51.4509671991546,51.4507529841874,51.4505607705653,51.450338174146,51.4500613632054,51.4499204779466,51.4497928904889,51.4495051701131,51.4493051098527,51.4490316896301,51.4487045297469,51.4485423015284,51.4482378991606,51.4476598422747,51.447327932746,51.4468619031975,51.4463144458458,51.4459919322604,51.4459596024076,51.4458845793221,51.4458695746963,51.4458307720598,51.4453941939943,51.4449171750586,51.4444661150691,51.4440865167669,51.4439130929894,51.4437029023606,51.4434643861824,51.4432465168195,51.4426540076805,51.4423004472909,51.4418386119693,51.4417998034283,51.44177295777,51.441770058346,51.44175108461,51.4417418183878,51.4417030582683,51.441695481668,51.4417223738009,51.4417247727867,51.441804257623,51.4418852730829,51.4419155081129,51.4420103068787,51.4420114182251,51.4420057128362,51.4417832977705,51.4415421795707,51.4411390033521,51.4407304413194,51.4405956477395,51.440252672908,51.4402613323754,51.4402586591892,51.4403402343295,51.4402117155133,51.4401917313293,51.4401497903873,51.4401006599993,51.4400363281984,51.4400100608375,51.4398622657969,51.4397977664805,51.4397710192357,51.4397332518185,51.4396907778392,51.4393970618189,51.4393836044642,51.439087131363,51.4388216855846,51.4385817377412,51.4384201653471,51.4382621796591,51.4380484822979,51.4379248968475,51.4377579502959,51.4377088713204,51.4375943397148,51.4375628545124,51.4373023220141,51.4370209398735,51.4368816125406,51.4362587066309,51.4358780709077,51.4356651148318,51.4354420222166,51.4353153395706,51.4351788343334,51.4348140063573,51.434059017179,51.4337761479896,51.4338026142022,51.4339322979041,51.4339247950402,51.4339149998816,51.4338285051506,51.4328470514101,51.431964010353,51.4312078426559,51.4306502531583,51.4303348067567,51.4302567521039,51.4302602028985,51.4302701435183,51.4303175356987,51.4303901371859,51.4304486899236,51.4304960222205,51.4305554905799,51.4304842663487,51.4304572145471,51.4304554171828,51.4303394643492,51.4299740285207,51.4295644349164,51.4290782021023,51.4287539832496,51.4283195689062,51.4279966596388,51.4268248665218,51.4260927738902,51.4252825040799,51.4247682289893,51.4245729179728,51.4238184517378,51.4236334455354,51.4226692541406,51.4226240688383,51.4220280464566,51.4211063443373,51.4208470411073,51.4205800825663,51.4201954838109,51.4198764040928,51.4192494429033,51.4191106795604,51.4189971566788,51.4189368801419,51.4188524889563,51.4187479975711,51.418665517094,51.4185704903643,51.4184846650865,51.4182502237195,51.4182063723288,51.4180972267404,51.4179866819756,51.4179247431638,51.4178532597434,51.4177520061267,51.4177587065332,51.4178102846836,51.4178889140102,51.4180318386202,51.4180355698444,51.4181518970189,51.4182257814348,51.4182665061412,51.4182831827726,51.4183569195622,51.4183982927246,51.4185735115339,51.418717003089,51.4189103066712,51.4189542267875,51.4189678413793,51.4189768768885,51.4189757811796,51.4190020803211,51.4191315539177,51.4193358096964,51.419574289004,51.4198144461885,51.4198558042977,51.4199202286884,51.4199753571047,51.4200016865355,51.4200562923823,51.4200811189658,51.4200770965531,51.4200430089248,51.4199665409767,51.419892791331,51.4198593606691,51.4198520824932,51.4200393173566,51.420458629017,51.4211054156362,51.421237521107,51.4213132337698,51.4215108333921,51.4217512101275,51.422002317006,51.4222411051255,51.4224440692917,51.4225666289491,51.4224250005601,51.4224424368773,51.422591687825,51.4226341418061,51.4222821921557,51.4223152938471,51.4222648992621,51.4222095187017,51.422184099066,51.4219783060057,51.4219421060321,51.4219278397557,51.4218369441199,51.4219177556513,51.4218242237236,51.4209376090716,51.4206204024796,51.4199383348661,51.4198643744381,51.4198628056412,51.4199107134213,51.4199452129027,51.4199896298836,51.4200392509662,51.4200926933844,51.4201837754091,51.4201666956483,51.4203404127147,51.4203963180362,51.420521574442,51.4205513038996,51.4205770316354,51.4206248228475,51.4206021989773,51.420701462741,51.420726266955,51.4209109722546,51.4209823737919,51.421215176873,51.4213704444843,51.4217143364207,51.4218722962381,51.4219135676875,51.4220828968742,51.4222183696696,51.4225141824309,51.4225746603711,51.4226467967541,51.4228377539578,51.4230704730174,51.4231822822345,51.4230241725809,51.4230420094442,51.4233512522037,51.4233814498538,51.4234061817204,51.4234486828039,51.4235507788203,51.42368807272,51.4237547855177,51.4239201440584,51.4241229532843,51.4242229127303,51.424327047077,51.4243564991031,51.424546442814,51.4247355157295,51.425548703343,51.4262036277109,51.4263794611736,51.426957133795,51.4276230652147,51.428589054586,51.4291264360419,51.4294750892757,51.4305021106396,51.4309115494352,51.4312184165914,51.431272033752,51.4312766609096,51.4313282801413,51.4313689144252,51.4314604264642,51.4316175885177,51.4317405027981,51.4319354311926,51.4321231029335,51.4322598154406,51.4325075333833,51.4326913868077,51.4331641219059,51.4329558601218,51.4329644645364,51.4329863243469,51.4329064728879,51.4320971736746,51.4320977072706,51.4321054169715,51.4320699255694,51.4321098908982,51.4318305753605,51.4318187366864,51.4316077043923,51.4315964876585,51.431351559268,51.4315356960225,51.4317799135478,51.4318869492355,51.431988692198,51.4320999213841,51.4322207921909,51.43239002697,51.4325691143563,51.432788565873,51.4330428115327,51.4332643929338,51.4333086958944,51.4333654920176,51.4334177724109,51.433461964429,51.4335077985498,51.4336286138389,51.4336391986432,51.433649783446,51.4336603460585,51.4336814712776,51.4336911351761,51.4337026186783,51.4337132034708,51.4337757912933,51.4338374359648,51.433898159672,51.4338999348953,51.4340893178738,51.4345986844664,51.4348047542261,51.4350085273578,51.435278316333,51.4358042695042,51.4361737035769,51.4365756685826,51.4373387240123,51.4376286611945,51.4381174789883,51.43854742631,51.4385579493555,51.4386164896057,51.4387734549241,51.4388568822173,51.4389140127204,51.438919649621,51.4389498949234,51.4391126713785,51.4393059041844,51.4393193403928,51.4393088108588,51.4392801846934,51.4393149234601,51.4394503502594,51.4397315990195,51.4398211810259,51.4400334639307,51.4400483526976,51.440055774851,51.4404255559659,51.4407970781752,51.4409894013776,51.4411886255737,51.4413126248641,51.4414213683458,51.4414746362724,51.4414671474186,51.4414637524246,51.4414009673656,51.4410956900078,51.4410398103335,51.4409476002498,51.4407550301262,51.4407393279059,51.440836508566,51.4404548104687,51.4403597797623,51.4402815025526,51.4400261367375,51.4394584718271,51.4392419650449,51.4391974910154,51.4390676506436,51.4389604414498,51.4390121527739,51.4389614722902,51.4387915226478,51.4387156865242,51.4386432875128,51.4385122819988,51.4384728791439,51.4384295401471,51.4384131952054,51.4383850177624,51.4383492808896,51.4383047993864,51.4382101519725,51.4381540701957,51.4380689457486,51.437945437253,51.4378792435122,51.4378629359496,51.4378317896579,51.4378290505661,51.4378265520834,51.4378293360054,51.4378469595878,51.4378506184099,51.4378307772499,51.4377961980056,51.4377669703153,51.4377495625082,51.4377463835013,51.4379146807472,51.4379421019334,51.4379777866692,51.4380126164401,51.4380465474757,51.4380796235423,51.4381126995912,51.4381173026031,51.4381569103711,51.438345720875,51.4384976812642,51.438568014231,51.4385979938575,51.4386124368593,51.4386250823872,51.4386368510274,51.4386468221918,51.4386567933211,51.4386649669743,51.4386731624553,51.4386795604583,51.4386841609833,51.4386887614711,51.4386915644806,51.4386919360942,51.438693840332,51.4386939470911,51.4386931550921,51.438690565614,51.4386879979538,51.4386835891034,51.4386783033498,51.4386711982636,51.4386529285576,51.4386185628503,51.4385371285465,51.4385234446025,51.4384491581481,51.4385055349795,51.4387434452755,51.4388607767861,51.4385819101612,51.4386645419951,51.4387343236782,51.4387427019707,51.4386982066638,51.4385950809105,51.4385150811139,51.4384059877608,51.4383431214491,51.4382537050356,51.438201657334,51.4381849754462,51.4381829991078,51.4381390986723,51.4380191219648,51.4378566273175,51.4375437340129,51.43691547604,51.4366550206946,51.4364120039846,51.4361781448032,51.4359294742763,51.4356957349004,51.4355062069739,51.4352819136096,51.4352202263728,51.4350943993756,51.4349493590144,51.4348136270487,51.4346737371641,51.4345647620018,51.4344426701756,51.4343510999222,51.4340851595307,51.4338440156026,51.4337255883971,51.4334822999499,51.4332700347801,51.4331530812071,51.4329086734066,51.4327636617632,51.4326640033621,51.4326256844421,51.4325960308979,51.4325661864372,51.432637849463,51.4328316549777,51.4332030910096,51.4334393946005,51.4335267866679,51.4337902048461,51.4340950529665,51.4341684942388,51.4342375061621,51.4343479908377,51.4343956903859,51.4344823164768,51.4345119124905,51.434571190221,51.4346632531109,51.4347125586534,51.4349683493536,51.4350321412981,51.4350860470097,51.4351413643309,51.4352146349151,51.4352986474336,51.4354599954375,51.4355643788051,51.4357166095167,51.4358937049056,51.436077946238,51.4363612415844,51.4365675025368,51.4366490102754,51.4367270087436,51.4368006420428,51.4369500273713,51.4370311932275,51.4372404099467,51.4372906972564,51.4376265338274,51.4381216647019,51.4384833546584,51.4393361365531,51.4397878115491,51.4405916474787,51.4409726530675,51.4412086890838,51.4414826722056,51.4417151070471,51.4419184265693,51.4422227677999,51.4427441489427,51.4430965883233,51.4431330048795,51.4436122731486,51.4441748122881,51.4447186848525,51.4460776779953,51.4463602697295,51.4468999266181,51.4473710783049,51.4478540407513,51.4485133824218,51.44891041838,51.4490829026469,51.4491257882413,51.4491803358498,51.4501187432523,51.4516658834049,51.4529060175436,51.4549321834559,51.4552644174444,51.4556384862018,51.4559918412,51.4564822144134,51.456927029304,51.4569323789912,51.4573333904131,51.4576821678667,51.4583400498434,51.4588055355567,51.458967244564,51.4591601312763,51.4593318540848,51.4594984634762,51.4596045148014,51.4597331632072,51.4597792985664,51.4598501062076,51.4598608696507,51.4602686043611,51.4603033344555,51.4603033558313,51.4604850734814,51.4610083138734,51.4610323659326,51.4616608431035,51.4623846702857,51.463040576353,51.4634650128488,51.4646515146128,51.4648940791931,51.4652163872739,51.4652280558532,51.465204100908,51.4650720535668,51.4650516581032,51.4650456194725,51.4650587669146,51.4652382794111,51.4652303184444,51.4651772524978,51.4650475684045,51.4644126586005,51.4643688596472,51.4643170361662,51.464257166534,51.4639910539573,51.464272019577,51.4644528700585,51.4649296608853,51.4653230654006,51.4653799017916,51.4657091716637,51.466031066613,51.4660418946545,51.4661359671622,51.4662694632679,51.4663627117255,51.4666338471012,51.4675684541472,51.4677142110016,51.4678467569788,51.4681448848931,51.4683985082257,51.4688222916428,51.4691845832948,51.4696931618629,51.4700719676212,51.4703522390981,51.4707721908509,51.4712569494916,51.4716740774616,51.4716821876538,51.4720358532403,51.4721012648301,51.4721512680109,51.4722055696181,51.4724156606735,51.4724991768074,51.472516100709,51.4725542469112,51.4726141887484,51.4727935950825,51.4727967667569,51.4728319609321,51.4728333548398,51.4728195655312,51.4727775031355,51.4727550435511,51.4727216689901,51.4725400386182,51.4723749047919,51.4722166177287,51.4721736687132,51.4721402795923,51.4721207048506,51.4721196617034,51.4721292151897,51.4721253753925,51.471970716312,51.4719327237465,51.4719213520393,51.471877365241,51.4717106370252,51.4714469148988,51.4713832037424,51.4713045807587,51.4711848507101,51.4710933079101,51.4708569959439,51.4707623326044,51.4707609373898,51.4707697768339,51.4707841829663,51.4708032570853,51.4708278107092,51.4708622720234,51.470899603913,51.4709443653916,51.4710189372031,51.4710936616455,51.4712481274199,51.4713029444661,51.4713771796306,51.4713907694161,51.4714051707111,51.4714319360398,51.4715212021792]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.244562394525054,-0.244599320172113,-0.244844556993495,-0.245004706957631,-0.245283551174249,-0.245434317047997,-0.245329344589783,-0.24551515163453,-0.245577086880902,-0.245607040187852,-0.245609220137082,-0.245578976104535,-0.245466992646855,-0.245464517860844,-0.24542475783049,-0.245358808258378,-0.245285675777181,-0.24504492678347,-0.244973820562021,-0.244887748292518,-0.244840800740008,-0.24482189490852,-0.2447158229274,-0.244621356052257,-0.244556827507824,-0.244776670495564,-0.244771453453947,-0.244727310425948,-0.244709404830595,-0.244652229769563,-0.244640462909713,-0.244763480396168,-0.244638417252131,-0.244545102381268,-0.244420592949063,-0.244559708256374,-0.244595912291178,-0.245004511458192,-0.24513164422449,-0.245292566355505,-0.245372899178943,-0.246005375524221,-0.246355362270452,-0.246905748151743,-0.247253988462307,-0.247496350307261,-0.247767447302033,-0.247979845785135,-0.24858278277138,-0.248890587028638,-0.249234592733949,-0.249246897069326,-0.249394171043947,-0.250015417310079,-0.250735588193815,-0.251025894293462,-0.251128222137811,-0.250992657651919,-0.25127158636315,-0.2513207754035,-0.251348099849478,-0.251363320020469,-0.251646229640746,-0.25184351532412,-0.252142481576564,-0.252366275288255,-0.252839275573415,-0.252762093597656,-0.253023194689765,-0.253083914815465,-0.253144868826358,-0.253114687674095,-0.253110264592396,-0.253080743001875,-0.253075938499289,-0.25307333004509,-0.25311035088739,-0.253183142627614,-0.253258987305624,-0.253243377793592,-0.253325346629864,-0.25335598690028,-0.253365857799825,-0.253407546993714,-0.253492365640373,-0.253666120751196,-0.253923531627042,-0.254175285061423,-0.254372217898176,-0.254425392650876,-0.254479803879035,-0.254502123824569,-0.254511963927278,-0.254562501533756,-0.255072305081513,-0.255067881842855,-0.255090373884579,-0.254868045882763,-0.254568042559866,-0.254558305413356,-0.254539756100215,-0.254307488997205,-0.253659207082728,-0.253684163589159,-0.253764450304664,-0.253712332228431,-0.252794262611858,-0.25259151514012,-0.252543717018517,-0.252527242264868,-0.252515381661655,-0.251246439352748,-0.251046473256993,-0.250838152613411,-0.250334650055854,-0.250027809007362,-0.249928994172562,-0.249891602651306,-0.249875376848276,-0.249868996703081,-0.249676782517271,-0.249487448702362,-0.249440457551052,-0.24943109373773,-0.249348188497358,-0.249280406029551,-0.24903980217263,-0.248080849107024,-0.248034183965734,-0.248011192399308,-0.246645032038061,-0.24628458832787,-0.245702706526587,-0.245715899364,-0.24571154458975,-0.24602277191114,-0.246229150076639,-0.246281243279912,-0.246380187420774,-0.246435463135824,-0.24647668277433,-0.246511098092239,-0.246517211459951,-0.246513770215146,-0.245176273651589,-0.245086811603223,-0.245356445068534,-0.245466599367844,-0.245746582357116,-0.245779806939912,-0.245775823973405,-0.245850407232831,-0.245951226269274,-0.246053973386426,-0.24621675177377,-0.246230291619569,-0.24643976234593,-0.246447644853864,-0.24665028167628,-0.247208584852578,-0.247721363459645,-0.248401810341311,-0.248813460360818,-0.248996318319941,-0.249051893374373,-0.249070542479002,-0.24909190008604,-0.249132816635406,-0.249284038419299,-0.249361235452203,-0.249439929147136,-0.249752191367409,-0.250226572055469,-0.250604863702891,-0.250704794516096,-0.250713535397642,-0.250720835744296,-0.250728136101554,-0.250732555369497,-0.250735499658461,-0.250737037833223,-0.250736934531,-0.250736997719915,-0.250735654787873,-0.250732836863194,-0.250727172254257,-0.250721507635991,-0.250713065194904,-0.25070331992161,-0.250692134075013,-0.250679542088001,-0.250666915649485,-0.25065144250433,-0.250637409904213,-0.250628112222328,-0.250598709693493,-0.250567900965658,-0.25053421102778,-0.250499080441353,-0.250485392066104,-0.250305077651119,-0.250589175341629,-0.250691904702017,-0.251923483032,-0.252018637736867,-0.252093019474351,-0.252255220266168,-0.252452516700966,-0.252641202285754,-0.252660594468171,-0.252639134608468,-0.252529260877861,-0.252392820564475,-0.252303584391726,-0.251134966394311,-0.250667991457703,-0.25036494664748,-0.250295362523473,-0.25029501799867,-0.250294758215163,-0.250295676023826,-0.250621129544056,-0.250560505778765,-0.250236800342279,-0.250066102393603,-0.250135772842784,-0.25046851820038,-0.250392417153112,-0.249644603297306,-0.249568741084899,-0.249434857985348,-0.249342925460516,-0.249325945367021,-0.248854516826423,-0.248477230004065,-0.248508162827453,-0.247725957460845,-0.246955728808846,-0.246634955717952,-0.246329729637181,-0.246048869479986,-0.246006806506412,-0.245922749610662,-0.245840168138947,-0.245550750681565,-0.245406486036937,-0.24526907319431,-0.245340220957068,-0.246286728371059,-0.246372537872892,-0.246994553483826,-0.246944654718952,-0.246938683792923,-0.246582745699876,-0.246435469374151,-0.246371174883184,-0.24631140053296,-0.246214011225903,-0.246037921512863,-0.244757884720161,-0.244504437385978,-0.243934178505555,-0.243649413842306,-0.243513665891102,-0.243428996317394,-0.243230250342031,-0.24210321491244,-0.241101872723953,-0.240935471656608,-0.240499530679852,-0.240129436347384,-0.23949146478875,-0.239252094835645,-0.238569226713508,-0.237350121473597,-0.236799819777431,-0.236485762083832,-0.235452872846361,-0.23538750860816,-0.235104297929368,-0.235088343134675,-0.234628794138668,-0.234423880320177,-0.23421838388005,-0.234188645420058,-0.233860032960838,-0.233253089486244,-0.232949154571273,-0.232354928363234,-0.231614106594473,-0.231394108866028,-0.23109812717038,-0.230742430263379,-0.230469634713913,-0.2300772560577,-0.229918885131167,-0.229428517109283,-0.229198137884288,-0.228811992964182,-0.2287163820221,-0.228503133845418,-0.228727736883045,-0.228365715692301,-0.228324897504622,-0.228269915210838,-0.228207589317707,-0.228019321662021,-0.227826792586197,-0.227740068544771,-0.22758837354478,-0.227507857825671,-0.227457923542368,-0.227412162581181,-0.227377709176939,-0.227355061621034,-0.227347659812505,-0.227350562640496,-0.227414195723221,-0.22741689294067,-0.227392007892025,-0.227375003814033,-0.227298787993804,-0.227271445308323,-0.227195200341853,-0.226619904418706,-0.226733526512725,-0.226729425739927,-0.226820454554121,-0.228070953387758,-0.228077162486972,-0.228301584422097,-0.226722789415285,-0.226768458702075,-0.226701127616814,-0.226625886495167,-0.226563156635885,-0.226528714071974,-0.226484162042741,-0.226472672629347,-0.226426810604511,-0.226369686901501,-0.225894806936765,-0.225677559266973,-0.225299074589942,-0.225077188216975,-0.224917540572112,-0.224747461150394,-0.224464288172443,-0.224277205852929,-0.224299896491486,-0.224315070170865,-0.223668166055854,-0.222927844888432,-0.222751236352168,-0.222604056713716,-0.222402234233289,-0.222277029878832,-0.222032251472028,-0.221757252879562,-0.221480113547305,-0.221478918210335,-0.221463308851173,-0.22149718611154,-0.221359907007877,-0.221131687685811,-0.2205380573209,-0.220435988082761,-0.220345962877528,-0.220333910833618,-0.22026897968613,-0.220139363489357,-0.220040387872764,-0.219937127150377,-0.219882139602648,-0.219834423694162,-0.219789588527418,-0.219768471149151,-0.219570826371373,-0.219518402069586,-0.219300798800552,-0.219286533196688,-0.218844567065654,-0.217888690136023,-0.218053329699148,-0.217840877864895,-0.217793139485831,-0.217647008735966,-0.21760050011064,-0.217555326479745,-0.217511557989651,-0.217489673734852,-0.217246206341242,-0.217209744146115,-0.216994995526059,-0.216960252749917,-0.216963270251018,-0.216993513466116,-0.217010092830102,-0.216984307328735,-0.216913062881079,-0.216859664502065,-0.216815363850062,-0.216841809405103,-0.216613021640298,-0.216511079900056,-0.216462181739443,-0.216430775462868,-0.21609201252124,-0.216086215626471,-0.215817108111949,-0.215611887457056,-0.215393008852008,-0.215202938433216,-0.215397394315217,-0.215862105978483,-0.215882408548981,-0.216086980557,-0.216144586703762,-0.216155298519084,-0.21616959259841,-0.216189292960502,-0.216227430802089,-0.216056923243772,-0.21596345095575,-0.216243253954332,-0.216319404691149,-0.216322284925979,-0.216363488070688,-0.216388217020718,-0.217180977271116,-0.217990768220564,-0.217748347453506,-0.217588445618971,-0.217573446286486,-0.217636387141352,-0.217598414254117,-0.217418598908043,-0.217040565650993,-0.217008882540175,-0.216582148736682,-0.216409721728814,-0.216375580687913,-0.216342179208344,-0.216236039111496,-0.216019112329823,-0.215375939353821,-0.214966555472043,-0.215075186373401,-0.214718491010783,-0.214369671329203,-0.214133102245247,-0.213062662539836,-0.212592458409812,-0.211943332096072,-0.211678613630008,-0.211507906061807,-0.210825117913299,-0.210270104137537,-0.210051793000912,-0.209922221933528,-0.209587096245981,-0.208967478642069,-0.208209520972362,-0.208001442231423,-0.20738852918937,-0.207317785538581,-0.207308694307668,-0.207298163303027,-0.207281837919211,-0.207264037510546,-0.207248834598561,-0.207225204577821,-0.207198624496844,-0.207169094356588,-0.207136614157336,-0.207135597529847,-0.207103575784085,-0.206840057095897,-0.206719270014038,-0.206590896517518,-0.206327544980217,-0.206009208581044,-0.205616959971942,-0.2051915371277,-0.204783854041628,-0.204865405109336,-0.204385818448325,-0.204036969121935,-0.203787693676196,-0.203638369645479,-0.20344836354293,-0.203189580207646,-0.203027937570033,-0.20313142816292,-0.203094111305379,-0.203002766938825,-0.202780413813434,-0.20256979252703,-0.202425555501858,-0.202247545462532,-0.20186438880457,-0.201835358462155,-0.202308238900199,-0.202387075562236,-0.201774496576937,-0.200935695760961,-0.200934291537185,-0.200623285182677,-0.200374824690992,-0.199580953709077,-0.199374554403709,-0.198950762812088,-0.199025844298593,-0.198298986428992,-0.198222044334158,-0.198066473187583,-0.197902053063379,-0.197727415325437,-0.197543928635016,-0.197099720482075,-0.196448207380711,-0.195987919658517,-0.195324355913779,-0.195115640812524,-0.194912862135314,-0.194717459372576,-0.194680920311796,-0.194494404127428,-0.194316703318757,-0.194143392944143,-0.194005075876118,-0.193621050694398,-0.193251780272023,-0.193190576249717,-0.192953314067629,-0.192724832922275,-0.192575380432471,-0.192029931734661,-0.19182106076753,-0.191775657457326,-0.191733026248532,-0.191707987711064,-0.191391539377364,-0.191213504056228,-0.191026691753717,-0.190864366965506,-0.190794817159049,-0.190658561265531,-0.190445347000209,-0.190221916641018,-0.190156224037511,-0.189519654494324,-0.189041343427686,-0.188353225932725,-0.188281089174773,-0.188195022714351,-0.187589566070851,-0.187403379772714,-0.187224533458732,-0.187217550915632,-0.187046080237996,-0.186881949491882,-0.186880581512771,-0.186729882007114,-0.186549979478732,-0.186364333396036,-0.186236949048999,-0.18616679181048,-0.186042416725161,-0.185770473351311,-0.185685164041403,-0.185632434953115,-0.185374787072255,-0.184669046393364,-0.184576985109622,-0.1843394828217,-0.184033354486064,-0.183880909825793,-0.183890580095698,-0.183930437407759,-0.183960981410607,-0.184024448033593,-0.184126011424206,-0.184084002448833,-0.184174551889495,-0.184108469603037,-0.184019312311738,-0.183972711988975,-0.183312511374606,-0.183044886078751,-0.182988829840454,-0.182901147569985,-0.182818068563204,-0.182688175665803,-0.18262650571632,-0.182494173628563,-0.182424950634428,-0.182211177666197,-0.180748640891739,-0.1806599566389,-0.180532342766469,-0.180402136520918,-0.180291033057729,-0.180000067073506,-0.179895078049359,-0.179744464440219,-0.179461473895254,-0.179436141139776,-0.179424118883787,-0.179807780461627,-0.179861015052596,-0.179927424080957,-0.180158150164809,-0.180202907088918,-0.180288573163552,-0.180355192015845,-0.180295242273053,-0.180265155891069,-0.18024898698503,-0.180563936438062,-0.180672679955841,-0.180823833170808,-0.18117377204016,-0.181675649184227,-0.182325730608322,-0.182842000085317,-0.183415557214096,-0.183580500022752,-0.183637451108001,-0.183719184372487,-0.183812428410837,-0.184493534158898,-0.184819097393861,-0.185367379492398,-0.185907009725315,-0.186381234866558,-0.18703528737866,-0.188508169450471,-0.188795744635679,-0.18899679190107,-0.189214997666091,-0.190247454167504,-0.190434003088665,-0.190521148890987,-0.190703575428641,-0.190853601737029,-0.193426628990155,-0.19370951953134,-0.193852066413916,-0.194307115078057,-0.195413780410738,-0.197172529023138,-0.197268941562482,-0.197399142516845,-0.197471578649145,-0.197481109979751,-0.197517646699898,-0.197550105647911,-0.198108219072257,-0.19840936589168,-0.19861154126062,-0.198787464216734,-0.198962997897548,-0.199131125314994,-0.199222996317955,-0.199437649181895,-0.199735457331993,-0.19988098853054,-0.200050731806315,-0.200175624717476,-0.200274513153675,-0.200972690602901,-0.201485734215076,-0.201739934485942,-0.201849107501459,-0.201922910805554,-0.201924349616768,-0.202391141866249,-0.203480054274932,-0.204148413561347,-0.204712651905212,-0.205546324641078,-0.205743715007427,-0.205915876476656,-0.206089618174454,-0.206242270906577,-0.20766115339492,-0.208799583616872,-0.208792909051462,-0.209351390513656,-0.20943404662915,-0.210445172272519,-0.210741083883564,-0.210588692680726,-0.210686672383037,-0.210460434243595,-0.210554378958841,-0.210564310593277,-0.21093650915194,-0.210815155205946,-0.211006709827209,-0.21271223000199,-0.21424793212987,-0.215493634956408,-0.215871801867131,-0.21623888234265,-0.216687815623711,-0.216923709552856,-0.217155007895868,-0.217823192332962,-0.217922243765642,-0.218960164018384,-0.218890500147677,-0.219014298961698,-0.219104183240448,-0.220278452549659,-0.221948383194271,-0.221904301670318,-0.222238763163273,-0.222337977135155,-0.222671111017894,-0.222788079388947,-0.222727258280535,-0.22286992927564,-0.223359381326742,-0.223375960649395,-0.223420605536233,-0.223549525920173,-0.22363599774768,-0.223702391623162,-0.223834187237167,-0.224063277367887,-0.224051526148347,-0.224034890325853,-0.224011127567255,-0.223971531939448,-0.223900270569021,-0.223685543297511,-0.22376375310593,-0.223892736601768,-0.224078772601687,-0.224088010287568,-0.224320953136397,-0.22433953368227,-0.224382842411845,-0.224466787497297,-0.22502104366422,-0.225628056008595,-0.226781103848992,-0.226727573355008,-0.227166582264118,-0.227198495685072,-0.22738063527844,-0.227455664872556,-0.22762139255938,-0.228600955427594,-0.228635945884376,-0.228658758138213,-0.2286593384716,-0.228630430454398,-0.228690300442841,-0.228820024622525,-0.229186455260918,-0.229333514519904,-0.230711940381685,-0.23085721351408,-0.231039220748838,-0.233138021538308,-0.233240011269784,-0.234152155997532,-0.234396997142455,-0.234409953807082,-0.23501664606706,-0.235056884846441,-0.235278050668861,-0.235376310344294,-0.235425604731527,-0.235474309226041,-0.235511149721992,-0.235645607542012,-0.23598310554346,-0.236053179051512,-0.236105421959156,-0.236157526103973,-0.23620935276195,-0.236282496403399,-0.236480524226529,-0.23748075419545,-0.238258724819408,-0.23826786301098,-0.239141504865721,-0.239735525281617,-0.239797172738399,-0.240558741380663,-0.240597015415333,-0.240837307247833,-0.240914216619794,-0.241212175203326,-0.241510236637256,-0.242075376584754,-0.24308987755215,-0.243245296413374,-0.243301728427659,-0.243407970212202,-0.243643958942519,-0.243632280442898,-0.244562394525054],"lat":[51.48870217634,51.4887908548443,51.4890813838325,51.489037020032,51.4892776934373,51.489477782548,51.4895481513295,51.4898485805091,51.4899987813079,51.4901565968009,51.4902123824288,51.4908126237272,51.4916283594098,51.4916552996444,51.4920530689795,51.4927202190023,51.4930491465394,51.4942541250319,51.4946802007398,51.495045803223,51.495367928339,51.4955600830821,51.4955836743143,51.4957926829082,51.4960848697699,51.4960998503754,51.4961231525726,51.4963347128792,51.4965008045498,51.4966015630788,51.4967578549597,51.4973433037742,51.4975986149705,51.4975900243217,51.4979433608692,51.497959831094,51.4979549775443,51.497894548785,51.4981104705547,51.4983844491541,51.4983559760891,51.4981307349837,51.4980208659008,51.4978321605931,51.4976925877888,51.4976089832828,51.4974898379693,51.4973985908662,51.4971540106132,51.4970542949559,51.4969497234813,51.4969669927392,51.4971841097309,51.4979658290921,51.4990241880434,51.4993441510196,51.4994185154229,51.4994596573684,51.4997758530578,51.49984582798,51.4998471346275,51.4998635478813,51.5001887943873,51.500379676398,51.500661997455,51.5008379865152,51.5011660624124,51.5012251616796,51.5014053021866,51.5013999119423,51.5014637666151,51.5015748228172,51.5015774546565,51.5015958989752,51.5016461848405,51.5016767201403,51.501763598575,51.502120781689,51.5024735140016,51.5025802910413,51.5026975137152,51.5028382514029,51.5028815619035,51.5029217492847,51.5030021454478,51.5031306262727,51.5033322914427,51.5035689421525,51.5037697060499,51.5038487312912,51.5038954022932,51.5039146184968,51.5039210596166,51.5039559828191,51.504302581765,51.5043052136755,51.5043199361278,51.5044443202217,51.5041880690148,51.5041789317147,51.5041741594668,51.5042192615327,51.5042914414332,51.5043547597772,51.5045537878192,51.5045602057525,51.5046787210908,51.5047053754974,51.5047118572743,51.5045398570847,51.5045109047081,51.5046484591094,51.5046400819751,51.5045488498588,51.504452314986,51.5044504348602,51.5044345726081,51.5045455203933,51.50459293798,51.504609029091,51.5045863774552,51.5045637684931,51.5046619835057,51.5046807277798,51.5046633040207,51.50443928079,51.5044761548509,51.5046084108146,51.5044350596952,51.5043582808593,51.5045132172818,51.5045563872624,51.5046250198793,51.5046566906153,51.5046575247195,51.505370780627,51.5058126958599,51.5059195850998,51.5061197965229,51.5062564081836,51.5063838172687,51.5065758698745,51.506679373847,51.5067314783066,51.5067384519138,51.5067416095751,51.5075999214916,51.5078083944971,51.5084726243642,51.5086205965814,51.5089118906315,51.5091836771949,51.5094477628919,51.5099618658676,51.5102637466105,51.5102864300455,51.5107985313365,51.5108184324457,51.5112459026448,51.5119439634761,51.5124767806787,51.513222521358,51.5136872796411,51.5138797488615,51.5139714015735,51.5140112464543,51.514055627955,51.5142288925088,51.5147203353877,51.5149247154437,51.5152028553141,51.5158171986854,51.5173538800469,51.5185402217133,51.5190920454629,51.5191272460815,51.5191624252166,51.5191976043512,51.5192327405201,51.5192687539303,51.5193038471336,51.5193065433057,51.5193425137503,51.5193775639881,51.519413491467,51.5194484772562,51.5194834630449,51.5195157096952,51.5195443399656,51.5195729487517,51.5196006373292,51.519629224629,51.5196568702359,51.5196845373244,51.5197014841757,51.5197541006879,51.5198057969831,51.5198574502987,51.5199090821178,51.5199277619469,51.5201570757329,51.5204166965063,51.5206322470503,51.5222350628573,51.5227616352293,51.5231907803587,51.5235852644024,51.5239667824743,51.5243850406102,51.5245939523689,51.5247779762114,51.5250874753568,51.5252248244315,51.5253341010651,51.5265252584276,51.5268986726827,51.5270946829173,51.5271799717588,51.5271889589851,51.5273085535641,51.5273598237332,51.5277828225146,51.5278223840743,51.5280306751782,51.5281962861442,51.5282216048043,51.5283416700631,51.5284088770357,51.5290748463253,51.5291357616784,51.5292434706985,51.5291971369732,51.5291887904444,51.5294892929458,51.5297408419773,51.5297988549479,51.5303078315265,51.5307297559902,51.5308607467496,51.5309622942491,51.5310300342799,51.5310365992686,51.5310479317607,51.5310583870183,51.5310486635676,51.5310510021081,51.5312126078196,51.5312370521679,51.5315560466587,51.5315366469738,51.5317833418596,51.5318437442688,51.5318490504592,51.5322196116705,51.5324503124772,51.5325851360616,51.5327523996826,51.5326978888524,51.5326278135236,51.5321707403672,51.5320878151698,51.5319201153815,51.5318268279143,51.5317951206577,51.5317848605197,51.5317791867118,51.5318054670424,51.5318623967593,51.5318778864646,51.5319288999707,51.5319548218169,51.5319731257949,51.5319740294865,51.5319601812835,51.5320183052791,51.532155711944,51.5322238294447,51.5324250139795,51.532437519346,51.5324908101279,51.5324932678077,51.5325951609081,51.5326370389551,51.5325449214904,51.5325309853003,51.5323416947776,51.5320052331062,51.5318118154335,51.5315196032223,51.5311784178218,51.5310887744329,51.5309880932823,51.530865828297,51.5308365350427,51.5307308002251,51.530687944966,51.530543860594,51.5304990182619,51.5304185519455,51.5304674656842,51.530352740047,51.5298777367233,51.5292131280763,51.5291504641541,51.5290812916237,51.529015605105,51.5288517976861,51.5286492583101,51.5285436364399,51.5283291242113,51.5281750370624,51.5280501875923,51.5278921293199,51.5277027685304,51.527506392213,51.5272886645324,51.5271025659256,51.5262807237463,51.5262483918953,51.5259611585723,51.5258422020503,51.5253176930807,51.5251680061563,51.5247927703447,51.5247957646602,51.5223533491727,51.5219765057186,51.5219338190358,51.5213574187822,51.5211974479015,51.5210974251924,51.5197723682849,51.5197469807206,51.5196992023609,51.5196324203319,51.5195775175323,51.5195365309856,51.5195331596643,51.5195320867082,51.5194882297506,51.5195116455052,51.5190836196373,51.5188878962018,51.5185017917226,51.5182772212487,51.5181201360194,51.5179718850879,51.5176555625344,51.517499859591,51.5174723266341,51.5174527730448,51.5167424695921,51.5159147450171,51.5157124376722,51.5156427644395,51.5152737148511,51.5150838758997,51.5147447487663,51.5143305258961,51.513897385795,51.5138910729796,51.5138108037998,51.5136440585591,51.5134684233105,51.5131115603956,51.5122203996726,51.512065979995,51.5118613854184,51.5118378222633,51.5117289280117,51.5115048484306,51.5113450798679,51.5111843469388,51.5110792003285,51.51097236557,51.5108655745125,51.5108157956792,51.5103406935238,51.5102068098771,51.5096154019559,51.5095747194677,51.509637250254,51.509759415244,51.5102304219867,51.5102460781679,51.5102507482514,51.5102656133217,51.5102756974691,51.5102884996131,51.5103022223367,51.5103090836923,51.5103809197102,51.5103920556469,51.5101343056717,51.5101014047853,51.5100241158002,51.5099877066108,51.5099690745521,51.5099282166533,51.5097967434126,51.5096880225028,51.5095677497277,51.5094440563046,51.5093245754872,51.5092411943241,51.5092017833334,51.5091203739089,51.5091601840964,51.509124126218,51.509114637429,51.5085395969992,51.5080560711002,51.5076467210492,51.507611911782,51.5075200650383,51.5075167769018,51.5075180900967,51.5075189662613,51.507466073845,51.5073952510507,51.5072228960195,51.5069474084433,51.506590513348,51.5064011497651,51.5063577456313,51.5063633999701,51.5063634437726,51.5064153272376,51.506446277568,51.5062928699756,51.5061460105095,51.5057484585407,51.505488845066,51.5054670352821,51.5054419137519,51.5053810873894,51.5051148763226,51.5045003423991,51.5044629917713,51.5039520281084,51.5037183004829,51.5036701213726,51.5036768073517,51.5037012711742,51.5033895311966,51.5027026156967,51.5023016175716,51.5022502155009,51.5016440914465,51.501131607489,51.5007701062691,51.4998473631744,51.4995290593492,51.4991441794712,51.4989872716286,51.4988947440034,51.4985237323621,51.4981276892979,51.4979265236391,51.4977770698077,51.4973951704061,51.4968101924149,51.4961898253867,51.4960220841635,51.4961485031743,51.4960422100764,51.4960168922316,51.4959915523773,51.4959670231923,51.4959433707025,51.4959269518813,51.4959050087608,51.4958848190286,51.4958663826827,51.495849699721,51.4958388932321,51.4958105270769,51.4956239512601,51.4955447692111,51.4954753627231,51.4953580302006,51.4952101808561,51.4950369201075,51.4948280797271,51.4946078191352,51.4945488179977,51.4942887877407,51.4940379516767,51.4938560831748,51.4937701660602,51.4936197790463,51.4934233756372,51.4933210825479,51.4932902954213,51.4932501567998,51.4931552355162,51.4929117293258,51.4926630070265,51.4924845438881,51.4922857794063,51.4918824380212,51.4918514185028,51.4916950055095,51.4916683373519,51.4911283900995,51.4903709484275,51.4903700276379,51.4900738999385,51.489981961089,51.4892917431343,51.4891195156098,51.4887982710309,51.4887571595063,51.488121916519,51.4880640817509,51.4879546808702,51.4878505392774,51.4877498374053,51.4876543947411,51.4874497316546,51.4872059087829,51.4873723835456,51.4869961795246,51.48688325903,51.486765933295,51.4866442245108,51.486621180788,51.4864933136938,51.4863610857943,51.4862271267318,51.4861188852943,51.4858135205837,51.4854993894198,51.4854444914923,51.4852160233696,51.484984093084,51.4848298165934,51.4842728663761,51.4840187553676,51.4840378387238,51.4840596625567,51.4840736644282,51.4837720319508,51.4835759473382,51.4833833240375,51.4832270481887,51.4831648262042,51.4830413252339,51.4828608830718,51.4826838798332,51.4826334072266,51.4820876278941,51.4816917661315,51.4810300801567,51.4809606226553,51.4808792596311,51.4804580466116,51.4803229789558,51.4801844274683,51.4801789240213,51.4800359900264,51.4798895722651,51.4798877526126,51.4797658220615,51.4798718492042,51.4797232994572,51.4795945348694,51.4795116178868,51.4793433326166,51.4789380597835,51.4788378223017,51.4787875476517,51.4786028113753,51.4780972997548,51.4780221359148,51.4778017391684,51.4775326188343,51.4774187507175,51.4773928222234,51.4773682605205,51.4773606403261,51.4773580262617,51.4773389163857,51.4772726205099,51.4772407505122,51.4771641900852,51.4771610108132,51.4771378078226,51.4771905285397,51.4771486132952,51.4771459461548,51.4771418896376,51.477130710387,51.4771017197673,51.4770953684443,51.4770915188286,51.4770940428339,51.477146482524,51.4776390709631,51.4776601762571,51.4776824759227,51.4776975412128,51.4777030110551,51.477704789939,51.4777013618002,51.4776864342997,51.4776325820805,51.4776178007391,51.4775942335456,51.4760597724103,51.4758438791966,51.4756587650022,51.4748907884641,51.4747431066097,51.4747615219084,51.4747157946987,51.47466630475,51.4746262707573,51.4745621729624,51.4737037790008,51.4733592544721,51.4729983020492,51.4723095085543,51.4714567087757,51.4703885855315,51.4695710746897,51.4687607439384,51.4685591691647,51.4684665292367,51.4683661799151,51.4682660088415,51.4676470809262,51.4673886408019,51.4669960614684,51.466676185145,51.4664443206097,51.4662521042975,51.4658144531694,51.4657145827586,51.4656547407301,51.4655978611182,51.4653017618963,51.4652443913822,51.465225053572,51.4651990928181,51.4651915161201,51.464855303759,51.4648371810612,51.4648366793149,51.4648337966477,51.4648814097357,51.4649678169954,51.4652246867192,51.4652087035578,51.4651972276976,51.4651380236706,51.4651241973616,51.4650311742707,51.4650433499972,51.4650003175048,51.4649845396863,51.4649773507212,51.4649800472712,51.464988025304,51.4649948318949,51.4650278038339,51.4649964069273,51.4649932459154,51.4649967511832,51.4650058624744,51.4650172722167,51.4651287032632,51.4651887308531,51.4652411894573,51.4652473601022,51.4652377009649,51.4652377230304,51.4653024328261,51.4655826032381,51.4657205358686,51.4658703591509,51.4661250196677,51.4661945850364,51.4662466782779,51.4662951984425,51.4663308062127,51.4666051941831,51.4668357137403,51.4668958614851,51.4670096043149,51.4669209417014,51.467130616718,51.4672214607596,51.4673630149732,51.4674346517064,51.4676605074319,51.4677248886918,51.4677286372642,51.4674888221206,51.4674258214075,51.4673136404446,51.4679178681854,51.4684844138345,51.4689566009257,51.4691170266074,51.4693033605901,51.4695691729562,51.4697229349665,51.4698838205969,51.4704353259756,51.4705168645425,51.471372532436,51.4714236306038,51.4714983501501,51.4714826296889,51.4724617547835,51.4738782250426,51.4739009370067,51.4742612109682,51.474376020265,51.4749188199047,51.4751696841704,51.4752155231429,51.4753237966562,51.4765505921022,51.4766056973404,51.4767538501887,51.4772162175636,51.4776221884281,51.4780260565534,51.4799344547399,51.4817112373475,51.4817542231691,51.4817746538689,51.481793178135,51.4818114625973,51.4818292674311,51.4819069470214,51.4820439178296,51.4820602594618,51.4824245738249,51.4824462956212,51.48297498262,51.4830157300234,51.4832726707739,51.4834474962106,51.4842697040484,51.4851061960003,51.4865705222254,51.4866137757625,51.4871042070788,51.4870983948227,51.4873043774552,51.4873010153515,51.4874473993829,51.4884109030558,51.4884743786939,51.4885547560115,51.4886141148976,51.4888025195309,51.488818711009,51.4887793051332,51.4889134308506,51.4890586312167,51.4893950706631,51.489437728321,51.4894989247939,51.4903165041317,51.4902865671865,51.4904270989368,51.4904280877126,51.4904282827832,51.4903843599553,51.4904614012381,51.49044134926,51.4903960671965,51.4903878165023,51.490394844047,51.4904106854966,51.4904351895761,51.490424080378,51.4903999556037,51.4903899504881,51.4903835402351,51.4903843197308,51.4903926137497,51.4904495464289,51.4903980395303,51.4903575732625,51.4903073529369,51.4902512324044,51.4901621327743,51.4902071209939,51.4901061440348,51.4900473682379,51.4900168018223,51.4900395373221,51.4899702684546,51.489898302648,51.4897359194842,51.4894624658477,51.4893164191485,51.4892723023757,51.4892064506195,51.4891002776503,51.4890668307671,51.48870217634]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.183880909825793,-0.184033354486064,-0.1843394828217,-0.184576985109622,-0.184669046393364,-0.185374787072255,-0.185632434953115,-0.185685164041403,-0.185770473351311,-0.186042416725161,-0.18616679181048,-0.186236949048999,-0.186364333396036,-0.186549979478732,-0.186729882007114,-0.186880581512771,-0.186881949491882,-0.187046080237996,-0.187217550915632,-0.187224533458732,-0.187403379772714,-0.187589566070851,-0.188195022714351,-0.188281089174773,-0.188353225932725,-0.189041343427686,-0.189519654494324,-0.190156224037511,-0.190221916641018,-0.190445347000209,-0.190658561265531,-0.190794817159049,-0.190864366965506,-0.191026691753717,-0.191213504056228,-0.191391539377364,-0.191707987711064,-0.191733026248532,-0.191775657457326,-0.19182106076753,-0.192029931734661,-0.192575380432471,-0.192724832922275,-0.192953314067629,-0.193190576249717,-0.193251780272023,-0.193621050694398,-0.194005075876118,-0.194143392944143,-0.194316703318757,-0.194494404127428,-0.194680920311796,-0.194717459372576,-0.194912862135314,-0.195115640812524,-0.195324355913779,-0.195987919658517,-0.196448207380711,-0.197099720482075,-0.197543928635016,-0.197727415325437,-0.197902053063379,-0.198066473187583,-0.198222044334158,-0.198298986428992,-0.199025844298593,-0.198950762812088,-0.199374554403709,-0.199580953709077,-0.200374824690992,-0.200623285182677,-0.200934291537185,-0.200935695760961,-0.201774496576937,-0.202387075562236,-0.202308238900199,-0.201835358462155,-0.20186438880457,-0.202247545462532,-0.202425555501858,-0.20256979252703,-0.202780413813434,-0.203002766938825,-0.203094111305379,-0.20313142816292,-0.203027937570033,-0.203189580207646,-0.20344836354293,-0.203638369645479,-0.203787693676196,-0.204036969121935,-0.204385818448325,-0.204865405109336,-0.204783854041628,-0.2051915371277,-0.205616959971942,-0.206009208581044,-0.206327544980217,-0.206590896517518,-0.206719270014038,-0.206840057095897,-0.207103575784085,-0.207135597529847,-0.207136614157336,-0.207169094356588,-0.207198624496844,-0.207225204577821,-0.207248834598561,-0.207264037510546,-0.207281837919211,-0.207298163303027,-0.207308694307668,-0.207317785538581,-0.20738852918937,-0.208001442231423,-0.208209520972362,-0.208967478642069,-0.209587096245981,-0.209922221933528,-0.210051793000912,-0.210270104137537,-0.210825117913299,-0.211507906061807,-0.211678613630008,-0.211943332096072,-0.212592458409812,-0.213062662539836,-0.214133102245247,-0.214369671329203,-0.214718491010783,-0.215075186373401,-0.214966555472043,-0.215375939353821,-0.216019112329823,-0.216236039111496,-0.216342179208344,-0.216375580687913,-0.216409721728814,-0.216582148736682,-0.217008882540175,-0.217040565650993,-0.217418598908043,-0.217598414254117,-0.217636387141352,-0.217573446286486,-0.217588445618971,-0.217748347453506,-0.217990768220564,-0.217180977271116,-0.216388217020718,-0.216363488070688,-0.216322284925979,-0.216319404691149,-0.216243253954332,-0.21596345095575,-0.216056923243772,-0.216227430802089,-0.216189292960502,-0.21616959259841,-0.216155298519084,-0.216144586703762,-0.216086980557,-0.215882408548981,-0.215862105978483,-0.215397394315217,-0.215202938433216,-0.215393008852008,-0.215611887457056,-0.215817108111949,-0.216086215626471,-0.21609201252124,-0.216430775462868,-0.216462181739443,-0.216511079900056,-0.216613021640298,-0.216841809405103,-0.216815363850062,-0.216859664502065,-0.216913062881079,-0.216984307328735,-0.217010092830102,-0.216993513466116,-0.216963270251018,-0.216960252749917,-0.216994995526059,-0.217209744146115,-0.217246206341242,-0.217489673734852,-0.217511557989651,-0.217555326479745,-0.21760050011064,-0.217647008735966,-0.217793139485831,-0.217840877864895,-0.218053329699148,-0.217888690136023,-0.218844567065654,-0.219286533196688,-0.219300798800552,-0.219518402069586,-0.219570826371373,-0.219768471149151,-0.219789588527418,-0.219834423694162,-0.219882139602648,-0.219937127150377,-0.220040387872764,-0.220139363489357,-0.22026897968613,-0.220333910833618,-0.220345962877528,-0.220435988082761,-0.2205380573209,-0.221131687685811,-0.221359907007877,-0.22149718611154,-0.221463308851173,-0.221478918210335,-0.221480113547305,-0.221757252879562,-0.222032251472028,-0.222277029878832,-0.222402234233289,-0.222604056713716,-0.222751236352168,-0.222927844888432,-0.223668166055854,-0.224315070170865,-0.224299896491486,-0.224277205852929,-0.224464288172443,-0.224747461150394,-0.224917540572112,-0.225077188216975,-0.225299074589942,-0.225677559266973,-0.225894806936765,-0.226369686901501,-0.226426810604511,-0.226472672629347,-0.226484162042741,-0.226528714071974,-0.226563156635885,-0.226625886495167,-0.226701127616814,-0.226768458702075,-0.226722789415285,-0.228301584422097,-0.228077162486972,-0.228070953387758,-0.226820454554121,-0.226729425739927,-0.226733526512725,-0.226619904418706,-0.227195200341853,-0.227271445308323,-0.227298787993804,-0.227375003814033,-0.227392007892025,-0.22741689294067,-0.227414195723221,-0.227350562640496,-0.227347659812505,-0.227355061621034,-0.227377709176939,-0.227412162581181,-0.227457923542368,-0.227507857825671,-0.22758837354478,-0.227740068544771,-0.227826792586197,-0.228019321662021,-0.228207589317707,-0.228269915210838,-0.228324897504622,-0.228365715692301,-0.228727736883045,-0.228503133845418,-0.228372526283082,-0.228164390631489,-0.228009927153637,-0.227846644140604,-0.227718859739387,-0.227590935805096,-0.227588054051548,-0.227680559654567,-0.227685266174766,-0.226716881012173,-0.226200350868218,-0.22546537552265,-0.225463235753812,-0.225446606772199,-0.225016833694184,-0.224600798302995,-0.224296732173658,-0.223803836025501,-0.223633772012012,-0.223388182100981,-0.223087448980374,-0.222819926779955,-0.222669015799653,-0.222296587439579,-0.221903814386359,-0.221526652712881,-0.221005513506038,-0.220714669577998,-0.219517351094429,-0.21905778998803,-0.218712409306281,-0.218260300807012,-0.217979055243607,-0.217331767635156,-0.217067146453923,-0.216666947718953,-0.216391926792549,-0.216028912668804,-0.215815146558774,-0.215889960702285,-0.215906863291273,-0.21592394103855,-0.215923201903312,-0.21588788402686,-0.215832957093495,-0.215674961083377,-0.21557301710733,-0.215071211170088,-0.214599554914724,-0.213753439231859,-0.213315727381536,-0.212698449761644,-0.211962434934481,-0.211261176210331,-0.210278024902375,-0.209994059810701,-0.209578568491271,-0.209223942393915,-0.208837726890686,-0.208236600989933,-0.208069792657094,-0.207831441458454,-0.207607497906178,-0.207341455552617,-0.207319915087572,-0.206976044622541,-0.20672469970775,-0.206507897703639,-0.206178274992854,-0.205902293920771,-0.205691253411537,-0.205490060327286,-0.205190298326982,-0.205044343036734,-0.204537094331867,-0.20436531896786,-0.204076012796598,-0.203881526182531,-0.203558434669561,-0.203017960332364,-0.202803775626638,-0.202694014499424,-0.202584182752064,-0.201639382466434,-0.201625575667971,-0.201555487481827,-0.20153154578007,-0.201528049365372,-0.201488254791436,-0.201132043942382,-0.200636447521602,-0.200634014953012,-0.200772379322207,-0.200768022742394,-0.201244529885214,-0.201546658497729,-0.201768186574868,-0.202225613347033,-0.202669094959747,-0.203109052863386,-0.203498210021965,-0.203725907692483,-0.203766809070086,-0.203715488680131,-0.203580352086827,-0.203453656742638,-0.203419234568914,-0.203353300093716,-0.203303652670764,-0.203279041275292,-0.203209606292591,-0.20297027405548,-0.202379446752235,-0.201488156453198,-0.200747521940279,-0.199944566782896,-0.1998954393524,-0.199894034351093,-0.199207786505696,-0.195767416747427,-0.195072628010524,-0.194367326226598,-0.194065017616948,-0.193655411114073,-0.192984780234594,-0.192143783578032,-0.19172302732439,-0.190937397643279,-0.189720271093802,-0.188562739637679,-0.187933557981193,-0.18688345664662,-0.185621723102513,-0.184409386770161,-0.184259245084354,-0.183081020952099,-0.182615471711526,-0.182408800108748,-0.182061301101535,-0.181657502056413,-0.181374774115422,-0.180931310237058,-0.180336124702437,-0.179749340976717,-0.17957082679056,-0.173566988556587,-0.17355947166654,-0.172482485600115,-0.172472194953766,-0.171805482965793,-0.171801022412434,-0.171499595158254,-0.169643964900317,-0.16841458484227,-0.168202316105295,-0.168051244967279,-0.167928946898481,-0.167643871468101,-0.165803723309799,-0.165505763405361,-0.162857677138862,-0.162599011802781,-0.162367087973629,-0.161570182674098,-0.161344371426333,-0.161187652635932,-0.161023878256785,-0.16088861953193,-0.160781551203976,-0.160588875583255,-0.159173340985544,-0.158600390801092,-0.158477235016292,-0.158468667821866,-0.158502548937415,-0.158525361398007,-0.158525814331277,-0.15851715686422,-0.15850061158732,-0.158436531542903,-0.157874184757461,-0.157239735375327,-0.156096538714404,-0.156047626216785,-0.155678439444211,-0.155633091102271,-0.155547514651791,-0.155319441425502,-0.155636633577182,-0.155781823533485,-0.155847382975007,-0.155938831622515,-0.156013776089579,-0.155015262810514,-0.156008944250223,-0.155989586906043,-0.154818002812629,-0.155821108896499,-0.155701853393331,-0.155654790636846,-0.155568845789481,-0.155461163168996,-0.155196336823537,-0.155873929628211,-0.154917500051635,-0.15348565250178,-0.151724828798669,-0.151413832697195,-0.150366753224664,-0.150195267851164,-0.150119279124638,-0.150086567010071,-0.150003833152949,-0.150522871121193,-0.150855352340955,-0.151947299422473,-0.152326057600726,-0.152530284531463,-0.1529061762031,-0.154279581519952,-0.155114947620715,-0.155592350789745,-0.156103499880389,-0.156701807846061,-0.159477574068235,-0.161808774365441,-0.166440028951755,-0.167189074368584,-0.168371325457975,-0.169060592936136,-0.170063884911639,-0.170767897354412,-0.171096027210176,-0.17126885360469,-0.171603062851832,-0.171879482337563,-0.172315122870523,-0.172751299862532,-0.173211475738704,-0.173474071444501,-0.173906569895718,-0.174088622456442,-0.174246150087912,-0.174336141154606,-0.174546276849842,-0.175532473738462,-0.175675032158489,-0.175762609852758,-0.175900522292734,-0.176054399923141,-0.176173129206658,-0.176235264713118,-0.17629527965575,-0.176352236700193,-0.176461295056694,-0.177286236134306,-0.177342505118942,-0.177741927483923,-0.177838703558799,-0.177844854623368,-0.177549559032447,-0.17781470184709,-0.177993894639497,-0.178787626366516,-0.178936974830599,-0.179308568229568,-0.179405531059776,-0.1797867664585,-0.180409285254054,-0.180744465654514,-0.180821896051273,-0.182100359591511,-0.182773195568884,-0.182801811002327,-0.182814049262583,-0.183316086867093,-0.183369336440733,-0.183416579367894,-0.183463643787463,-0.183535899386768,-0.183650284022481,-0.183830145851882,-0.183880909825793],"lat":[51.4774187507175,51.4775326188343,51.4778017391684,51.4780221359148,51.4780972997548,51.4786028113753,51.4787875476517,51.4788378223017,51.4789380597835,51.4793433326166,51.4795116178868,51.4795945348694,51.4797232994572,51.4798718492042,51.4797658220615,51.4798877526126,51.4798895722651,51.4800359900264,51.4801789240213,51.4801844274683,51.4803229789558,51.4804580466116,51.4808792596311,51.4809606226553,51.4810300801567,51.4816917661315,51.4820876278941,51.4826334072266,51.4826838798332,51.4828608830718,51.4830413252339,51.4831648262042,51.4832270481887,51.4833833240375,51.4835759473382,51.4837720319508,51.4840736644282,51.4840596625567,51.4840378387238,51.4840187553676,51.4842728663761,51.4848298165934,51.484984093084,51.4852160233696,51.4854444914923,51.4854993894198,51.4858135205837,51.4861188852943,51.4862271267318,51.4863610857943,51.4864933136938,51.486621180788,51.4866442245108,51.486765933295,51.48688325903,51.4869961795246,51.4873723835456,51.4872059087829,51.4874497316546,51.4876543947411,51.4877498374053,51.4878505392774,51.4879546808702,51.4880640817509,51.488121916519,51.4887571595063,51.4887982710309,51.4891195156098,51.4892917431343,51.489981961089,51.4900738999385,51.4903700276379,51.4903709484275,51.4911283900995,51.4916683373519,51.4916950055095,51.4918514185028,51.4918824380212,51.4922857794063,51.4924845438881,51.4926630070265,51.4929117293258,51.4931552355162,51.4932501567998,51.4932902954213,51.4933210825479,51.4934233756372,51.4936197790463,51.4937701660602,51.4938560831748,51.4940379516767,51.4942887877407,51.4945488179977,51.4946078191352,51.4948280797271,51.4950369201075,51.4952101808561,51.4953580302006,51.4954753627231,51.4955447692111,51.4956239512601,51.4958105270769,51.4958388932321,51.495849699721,51.4958663826827,51.4958848190286,51.4959050087608,51.4959269518813,51.4959433707025,51.4959670231923,51.4959915523773,51.4960168922316,51.4960422100764,51.4961485031743,51.4960220841635,51.4961898253867,51.4968101924149,51.4973951704061,51.4977770698077,51.4979265236391,51.4981276892979,51.4985237323621,51.4988947440034,51.4989872716286,51.4991441794712,51.4995290593492,51.4998473631744,51.5007701062691,51.501131607489,51.5016440914465,51.5022502155009,51.5023016175716,51.5027026156967,51.5033895311966,51.5037012711742,51.5036768073517,51.5036701213726,51.5037183004829,51.5039520281084,51.5044629917713,51.5045003423991,51.5051148763226,51.5053810873894,51.5054419137519,51.5054670352821,51.505488845066,51.5057484585407,51.5061460105095,51.5062928699756,51.506446277568,51.5064153272376,51.5063634437726,51.5063633999701,51.5063577456313,51.5064011497651,51.506590513348,51.5069474084433,51.5072228960195,51.5073952510507,51.507466073845,51.5075189662613,51.5075180900967,51.5075167769018,51.5075200650383,51.507611911782,51.5076467210492,51.5080560711002,51.5085395969992,51.509114637429,51.509124126218,51.5091601840964,51.5091203739089,51.5092017833334,51.5092411943241,51.5093245754872,51.5094440563046,51.5095677497277,51.5096880225028,51.5097967434126,51.5099282166533,51.5099690745521,51.5099877066108,51.5100241158002,51.5101014047853,51.5101343056717,51.5103920556469,51.5103809197102,51.5103090836923,51.5103022223367,51.5102884996131,51.5102756974691,51.5102656133217,51.5102507482514,51.5102460781679,51.5102304219867,51.509759415244,51.509637250254,51.5095747194677,51.5096154019559,51.5102068098771,51.5103406935238,51.5108157956792,51.5108655745125,51.51097236557,51.5110792003285,51.5111843469388,51.5113450798679,51.5115048484306,51.5117289280117,51.5118378222633,51.5118613854184,51.512065979995,51.5122203996726,51.5131115603956,51.5134684233105,51.5136440585591,51.5138108037998,51.5138910729796,51.513897385795,51.5143305258961,51.5147447487663,51.5150838758997,51.5152737148511,51.5156427644395,51.5157124376722,51.5159147450171,51.5167424695921,51.5174527730448,51.5174723266341,51.517499859591,51.5176555625344,51.5179718850879,51.5181201360194,51.5182772212487,51.5185017917226,51.5188878962018,51.5190836196373,51.5195116455052,51.5194882297506,51.5195320867082,51.5195331596643,51.5195365309856,51.5195775175323,51.5196324203319,51.5196992023609,51.5197469807206,51.5197723682849,51.5210974251924,51.5211974479015,51.5213574187822,51.5219338190358,51.5219765057186,51.5223533491727,51.5247957646602,51.5247927703447,51.5251680061563,51.5253176930807,51.5258422020503,51.5259611585723,51.5262483918953,51.5262807237463,51.5271025659256,51.5272886645324,51.527506392213,51.5277027685304,51.5278921293199,51.5280501875923,51.5281750370624,51.5283291242113,51.5285436364399,51.5286492583101,51.5288517976861,51.529015605105,51.5290812916237,51.5291504641541,51.5292131280763,51.5298777367233,51.530352740047,51.5303004103107,51.5302397155645,51.5302077075839,51.5301800623577,51.5301664417908,51.5301564159302,51.5301563723902,51.5299275649373,51.5299177444195,51.5299804445097,51.5299906201067,51.5300199701818,51.5300379225896,51.5301689599062,51.5301354807146,51.5300824246002,51.5300418527996,51.5299633509295,51.5299248062751,51.5298635358392,51.529774452453,51.5296840729465,51.5296350261701,51.529498993265,51.5293671469857,51.5292786995444,51.5291853698094,51.5291386945018,51.5289352845326,51.5288527723361,51.5287998686181,51.5287111717655,51.5286403559462,51.5284551694045,51.5283648207316,51.528202269723,51.5280829857241,51.5279281917981,51.52782782276,51.5276841829613,51.5276574628257,51.5275893803027,51.5274976465609,51.5274053869135,51.5272615723167,51.5269147601344,51.5267198727557,51.5267598980479,51.5268030778034,51.5268738261523,51.5268968350993,51.5268667491566,51.5268132683782,51.5267558167516,51.526681471055,51.5266438663432,51.5265781755446,51.5265044200395,51.526427483387,51.5263166888126,51.5263060476174,51.5262817238031,51.5262576196499,51.5262409648891,51.526238837221,51.5261850225577,51.526124528217,51.5260654607141,51.525942619938,51.5257387676717,51.5255332103765,51.525297229114,51.5249284500699,51.5247175926801,51.5240533831343,51.5238394318987,51.5236083939092,51.5234588396414,51.5233172072242,51.5231317780356,51.523079937582,51.5230485808622,51.5230190214411,51.5227419615848,51.5226167552075,51.5223468071364,51.5220397983558,51.521982193224,51.5219312254935,51.5214599556291,51.5207950077999,51.5207104416576,51.520710765602,51.520821305644,51.5208367069361,51.520851231296,51.5208627207864,51.520886818003,51.5208990096026,51.520817624319,51.5207084820846,51.5206364328147,51.5206226712767,51.5205715278,51.5204525567442,51.5203022413226,51.5202612481904,51.5200686996214,51.5199384482254,51.5198679303141,51.5197643530536,51.5194729290038,51.5188469952925,51.5177992030149,51.5179766855319,51.5168466064156,51.5167766107297,51.516775689924,51.5145512181872,51.514956063125,51.5150317010896,51.5127124850431,51.5117564298167,51.5116916713935,51.5118135302975,51.5098680926941,51.5099398408195,51.5100185496,51.5100762060669,51.5101572514768,51.5101790060885,51.5077716824876,51.5048907681723,51.5021122177485,51.5017933582974,51.5015664855504,51.5014981234077,51.5014778348994,51.5014481691743,51.5014212265233,51.5014294321292,51.501421655342,51.5014609815418,51.4986857887716,51.4977783741105,51.4982209772381,51.4983008933307,51.498392025421,51.4984692004819,51.4985325475512,51.4986080149441,51.4986878450744,51.4989025950631,51.4990209865796,51.4989969885012,51.4988840210572,51.4985206122765,51.4983003385982,51.4992418635257,51.4986967539444,51.5001300712244,51.5002923801936,51.5004703948663,51.5012258648341,51.5013949808279,51.5014941389717,51.501589589274,51.501656710526,51.5017035909736,51.5017653151792,51.5021028052436,51.5022331944934,51.5022501450081,51.5022482119847,51.5015149558394,51.501413698761,51.50133097485,51.5012597981415,51.5012055833323,51.5010795813384,51.4990177607874,51.4985662612443,51.4977623471358,51.4975106870336,51.4956281442407,51.4955024351049,51.4953383246886,51.4950640626455,51.4948793095762,51.4947799775127,51.4947261541456,51.4946376670383,51.4944940660079,51.4938560788893,51.4932215490546,51.4932014611355,51.4919627479213,51.4914506662725,51.4910504221607,51.4908959098913,51.4906697451387,51.4904468354,51.4900487971086,51.48960623172,51.4890345498865,51.4881802035728,51.4870562742295,51.4868751184032,51.4862327269607,51.48609243618,51.485977032273,51.4858955834175,51.4854842186522,51.4854357531713,51.4854059257569,51.4852945466952,51.4852600489152,51.4852317928319,51.4851612778952,51.4849634857537,51.4848210607893,51.4847332500028,51.4846657514893,51.4845798373196,51.4842142782128,51.483907330836,51.4833134932386,51.4832029050862,51.483028038796,51.4829353892605,51.4827694017894,51.4826320097817,51.4825660871849,51.482530114803,51.4824561923419,51.4823867634991,51.4822613644832,51.4821224834489,51.4819956649491,51.4819116289893,51.4817564998648,51.4819220992992,51.4818723955576,51.4818549124188,51.4818222138583,51.4816864881995,51.4816509376565,51.4816217256166,51.4815582257404,51.4814194369514,51.4813313585896,51.4812900602131,51.4812658145932,51.4812460176411,51.481219836907,51.4806490490128,51.4806103566176,51.4803449906957,51.4802655620109,51.4802557658351,51.4800767219852,51.4798560298095,51.4796960498702,51.4789314276081,51.4787251209001,51.4780006994338,51.4779887162059,51.4779622618205,51.4779521401961,51.4779249680094,51.4779333633353,51.4773983532562,51.4773539284248,51.4773948381887,51.4774130128692,51.4773542475831,51.4773550725807,51.4773620992523,51.4773736193932,51.4774035147794,51.4774241709653,51.4774278562101,51.4774187507175]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.150003833152949,-0.150086567010071,-0.150119279124638,-0.150195267851164,-0.150366753224664,-0.151413832697195,-0.151724828798669,-0.15348565250178,-0.154917500051635,-0.155873929628211,-0.155196336823537,-0.155461163168996,-0.155568845789481,-0.155654790636846,-0.155701853393331,-0.155821108896499,-0.154818002812629,-0.155989586906043,-0.156008944250223,-0.155015262810514,-0.156013776089579,-0.155938831622515,-0.155847382975007,-0.155781823533485,-0.155636633577182,-0.155319441425502,-0.155547514651791,-0.155633091102271,-0.155678439444211,-0.156047626216785,-0.156096538714404,-0.157239735375327,-0.157874184757461,-0.158436531542903,-0.15850061158732,-0.15851715686422,-0.158525814331277,-0.158525361398007,-0.158502548937415,-0.158468667821866,-0.158477235016292,-0.158600390801092,-0.159173340985544,-0.160588875583255,-0.160781551203976,-0.16088861953193,-0.161023878256785,-0.161187652635932,-0.161344371426333,-0.161570182674098,-0.162367087973629,-0.162599011802781,-0.162857677138862,-0.165505763405361,-0.165803723309799,-0.167643871468101,-0.167928946898481,-0.168051244967279,-0.168202316105295,-0.16841458484227,-0.169643964900317,-0.171499595158254,-0.171801022412434,-0.171805482965793,-0.172472194953766,-0.172482485600115,-0.17355947166654,-0.173566988556587,-0.17957082679056,-0.179749340976717,-0.180336124702437,-0.180931310237058,-0.181374774115422,-0.181657502056413,-0.182061301101535,-0.182408800108748,-0.182615471711526,-0.183081020952099,-0.184259245084354,-0.184409386770161,-0.185621723102513,-0.18688345664662,-0.187933557981193,-0.188562739637679,-0.189720271093802,-0.190937397643279,-0.19172302732439,-0.192143783578032,-0.192984780234594,-0.193655411114073,-0.194065017616948,-0.194367326226598,-0.195072628010524,-0.195767416747427,-0.199207786505696,-0.199894034351093,-0.1998954393524,-0.199944566782896,-0.200747521940279,-0.201488156453198,-0.202379446752235,-0.20297027405548,-0.203209606292591,-0.203279041275292,-0.203303652670764,-0.203353300093716,-0.203419234568914,-0.203453656742638,-0.203580352086827,-0.203715488680131,-0.203766809070086,-0.203725907692483,-0.203498210021965,-0.203109052863386,-0.202669094959747,-0.202225613347033,-0.201768186574868,-0.201546658497729,-0.201244529885214,-0.200768022742394,-0.200772379322207,-0.200634014953012,-0.200636447521602,-0.201132043942382,-0.201488254791436,-0.201528049365372,-0.20153154578007,-0.201555487481827,-0.201625575667971,-0.201639382466434,-0.202584182752064,-0.202694014499424,-0.202803775626638,-0.203017960332364,-0.203558434669561,-0.203881526182531,-0.204076012796598,-0.20436531896786,-0.204537094331867,-0.205044343036734,-0.205190298326982,-0.205490060327286,-0.205691253411537,-0.205902293920771,-0.206178274992854,-0.206507897703639,-0.20672469970775,-0.206976044622541,-0.207319915087572,-0.207341455552617,-0.207607497906178,-0.207831441458454,-0.208069792657094,-0.208236600989933,-0.208837726890686,-0.209223942393915,-0.209578568491271,-0.209994059810701,-0.210278024902375,-0.211261176210331,-0.211962434934481,-0.212698449761644,-0.213315727381536,-0.213753439231859,-0.214599554914724,-0.215071211170088,-0.21557301710733,-0.215674961083377,-0.215832957093495,-0.21588788402686,-0.215923201903312,-0.21592394103855,-0.215906863291273,-0.215889960702285,-0.215815146558774,-0.216028912668804,-0.216088527539379,-0.216076441698279,-0.216040423525487,-0.215947791862616,-0.215883693442289,-0.215847285619922,-0.215687175356208,-0.215562242752985,-0.215471047188781,-0.215375985727122,-0.215314134180448,-0.215265039414525,-0.215228771735869,-0.215178095174686,-0.215129491752185,-0.215104504429221,-0.215097053529372,-0.215103484360993,-0.215167549665311,-0.215292342751319,-0.215324815364383,-0.215360486152227,-0.215362805572767,-0.215351032274643,-0.215328153471604,-0.215305731541336,-0.215268865391086,-0.215207328063976,-0.214694785140485,-0.214185825588366,-0.214046618789007,-0.213820112882728,-0.21363261681159,-0.213267815716612,-0.21306271292888,-0.212817123614278,-0.212662593542353,-0.212258256724859,-0.211735130532179,-0.211402483426695,-0.211051455757333,-0.210841778604526,-0.210185080440801,-0.210101784289352,-0.209687166026778,-0.209335775238745,-0.208958692952579,-0.208682021879315,-0.207946906532891,-0.207648201228931,-0.207336074465788,-0.207105276030972,-0.206797719001897,-0.206608601949399,-0.206259567777482,-0.205869134223336,-0.2055308217132,-0.205309967938651,-0.204604045212176,-0.204057228365523,-0.20359845134645,-0.203265593302609,-0.203073204630143,-0.202992228638342,-0.202849762343316,-0.202601941027182,-0.202291781454559,-0.202035245680564,-0.201877982404058,-0.201689361903765,-0.201550238568234,-0.201476076789356,-0.201434596024456,-0.20139964699243,-0.201297305196128,-0.201108060201973,-0.20100763323077,-0.200903096337293,-0.200675185243801,-0.200449058403337,-0.199843649034713,-0.199562961612535,-0.19941211968803,-0.19933092417643,-0.199329518753192,-0.199174674297062,-0.199018340884816,-0.198858607452008,-0.198767327091795,-0.198685955718616,-0.198595207949339,-0.198298116959511,-0.198215944603958,-0.197993760256978,-0.19797525617624,-0.197940483780256,-0.197925812004206,-0.198002770704472,-0.198001840706624,-0.197972427757352,-0.197954534106205,-0.197973576658108,-0.197995451231674,-0.198074773097614,-0.197950465579662,-0.197798833993943,-0.197500854994505,-0.197249846000278,-0.197183037514215,-0.197129480043711,-0.197021492318765,-0.196931397573892,-0.196846243793752,-0.196846679197002,-0.196568746300418,-0.196562577412083,-0.196528019123812,-0.196413177757086,-0.19569638900668,-0.194283561510633,-0.19351675941689,-0.193138639078923,-0.192892507859075,-0.192664678031266,-0.192558562382893,-0.192411101384362,-0.192385001769624,-0.192374074237233,-0.192382380840699,-0.192407943239607,-0.192769864867025,-0.193035300847187,-0.192983140385852,-0.191483522125869,-0.191427732843279,-0.191284507043934,-0.191082183920034,-0.190825388423809,-0.19040617218486,-0.189835674899122,-0.189669644190361,-0.189556574533773,-0.189425592334303,-0.189324764576995,-0.189216182791447,-0.189059142731784,-0.188773585175777,-0.188583331763713,-0.187978082434233,-0.18790180784115,-0.187841049456651,-0.187751221121209,-0.185490767572745,-0.18539338109459,-0.184701469788078,-0.184643157614281,-0.184468173927297,-0.184224338583977,-0.184078629609818,-0.183873523195251,-0.182749207874515,-0.181600661096019,-0.1804199529174,-0.180180989926901,-0.18003699093421,-0.179752197365744,-0.179312914226571,-0.179088969921379,-0.1790382071282,-0.178764647452515,-0.178571103840707,-0.178379288389096,-0.178353347829828,-0.17829858442891,-0.175790769494294,-0.173921648853743,-0.174152796062991,-0.17414147822684,-0.174123101300231,-0.17409474471006,-0.174035439655837,-0.173510971795143,-0.171981257188363,-0.170890244332954,-0.169542887017973,-0.169436030731126,-0.169261156030793,-0.169044131048258,-0.16845027364138,-0.168206090325869,-0.168044191560813,-0.166582893485816,-0.164961075174877,-0.163792745226817,-0.163619160448262,-0.163390237356192,-0.161919867347132,-0.160486835217735,-0.159445330378009,-0.1594381615381,-0.15863150541849,-0.157579594041988,-0.155849441531381,-0.155481976228795,-0.155221449794836,-0.154994684546225,-0.154746557595262,-0.154423277681548,-0.154181350326848,-0.153928112481956,-0.153416453870501,-0.152732436524032,-0.151481176416183,-0.150885298265325,-0.14992283102557,-0.147195842738457,-0.145815598878895,-0.145198552321867,-0.144852982830852,-0.144708482687922,-0.144646645682092,-0.144154815619383,-0.144179003205598,-0.143989710702594,-0.143496470808722,-0.143414726580513,-0.143513537606399,-0.143521002786906,-0.14352124348559,-0.143311974152749,-0.143093184030647,-0.142901144036028,-0.141415963227077,-0.140473926503575,-0.139804034023297,-0.139179887377623,-0.138736900605656,-0.138344067490447,-0.138255625541467,-0.138206857720262,-0.138170871098403,-0.138035886922184,-0.137033157371586,-0.136321947136129,-0.135851796445352,-0.135258286800735,-0.13434280120238,-0.134474009614734,-0.134070421110412,-0.134013392592561,-0.133977382491427,-0.13394255568256,-0.133910315825321,-0.133867185012613,-0.133622567196582,-0.133004706726135,-0.132568930419663,-0.13247477548678,-0.131586326946513,-0.131162792423058,-0.131114818301953,-0.131076890071506,-0.130831814913578,-0.130427397671815,-0.130369472856184,-0.130372900384501,-0.130466114061374,-0.130471565280648,-0.13043841609463,-0.129852548059181,-0.129689672967984,-0.129361463501879,-0.12912019739449,-0.129008739974038,-0.128997401922354,-0.128869508373046,-0.128364426985142,-0.128272909750902,-0.127989047781049,-0.127714204833264,-0.127602673155178,-0.127452408670868,-0.127352810674775,-0.12727873166272,-0.127177991045854,-0.127042990090057,-0.126944505361675,-0.126867326636922,-0.126668765450667,-0.12619825769088,-0.125262138038102,-0.124492964067321,-0.12397726975416,-0.123584880950591,-0.123380024793705,-0.122894192447536,-0.12209822949033,-0.121843397667666,-0.121316247961204,-0.120346897393076,-0.119493176283105,-0.11932170376564,-0.118853629857244,-0.118700472890899,-0.118657841186778,-0.118623962185677,-0.118405508587872,-0.118379286714726,-0.117617223503495,-0.117276474070387,-0.114718366080205,-0.11468598723881,-0.113859293860586,-0.112307966611989,-0.112325233052086,-0.111707906350371,-0.111687732808344,-0.111606814954749,-0.111575917745851,-0.111552482347103,-0.111410226575459,-0.111137755824273,-0.11110152702447,-0.111332090789191,-0.111980720788797,-0.111858315001003,-0.111738660287467,-0.112337586731119,-0.112213983404122,-0.112374935834319,-0.112347468453124,-0.112414908058147,-0.112200596696276,-0.112058355387402,-0.112189015570229,-0.112167160899902,-0.112157599490283,-0.111887466956159,-0.111770726641328,-0.111710767084118,-0.111567209906137,-0.1115304891266,-0.111557461911558,-0.111574223362741,-0.111586737167839,-0.111574406694964,-0.111671083980626,-0.111675832304812,-0.11187365623919,-0.111892173329909,-0.112228476223039,-0.112568142143346,-0.112608635954042,-0.113021053286844,-0.113437938926931,-0.114282531220206,-0.115125203754204,-0.115322697994694,-0.115380786659149,-0.115813514853439,-0.116175970356777,-0.116219657020405,-0.116915908742452,-0.116869023740572,-0.117675210359518,-0.117771177059154,-0.117784360589098,-0.117888499686302,-0.118216864391959,-0.118357450541322,-0.11837524669019,-0.118454273058552,-0.118533373372364,-0.11852484738149,-0.118859269245492,-0.118885743378232,-0.11932260372991,-0.119949973421279,-0.120175825076932,-0.120073656327189,-0.120362764581867,-0.120499202143895,-0.12080514846705,-0.120986056772022,-0.121374826631237,-0.121246219716249,-0.121309107082208,-0.121310695012852,-0.121313538185502,-0.121371804768954,-0.121451492063808,-0.121465302800761,-0.121646170420322,-0.121592926575832,-0.121643885587791,-0.121812747466111,-0.12194501567292,-0.121998075593544,-0.122011443472686,-0.122279965436834,-0.122364446975884,-0.122490620129297,-0.122596521498428,-0.122686913952481,-0.122872864250556,-0.12298238040129,-0.123089272538637,-0.122981902687297,-0.123054898455911,-0.123414958829949,-0.123489868091283,-0.123623187916958,-0.123670846019951,-0.123547385235192,-0.123585299899404,-0.123599290426761,-0.123749774345652,-0.123762510787629,-0.123769450849494,-0.123651234470161,-0.124121242914599,-0.124494898721828,-0.124515532154403,-0.124553215104186,-0.12455073574472,-0.124640596511021,-0.12468182708295,-0.124816895606112,-0.124924804129716,-0.124834068128141,-0.124903417839164,-0.124947412986136,-0.125282913820859,-0.125376514524237,-0.125468566259239,-0.125601070861683,-0.125791339156452,-0.126408888020058,-0.126604756188259,-0.126818817376949,-0.126921901396523,-0.126975234224896,-0.127044475337078,-0.127249764195921,-0.12730424149962,-0.127511470178373,-0.12773298491912,-0.12839274871076,-0.128483966508269,-0.128490239597538,-0.128550017759316,-0.128967243103442,-0.129016332003862,-0.129065420898767,-0.13121921443167,-0.131346347858368,-0.131464330024162,-0.131667450799979,-0.13190707004406,-0.132109491022176,-0.132337710298596,-0.132353800768143,-0.132663653517375,-0.133491259225204,-0.133880575708658,-0.134010149038628,-0.134376131126578,-0.134380522647748,-0.134896904957158,-0.134989649709854,-0.136034219264511,-0.136022197321267,-0.136628035196887,-0.136878403053282,-0.137151397770196,-0.138134055153737,-0.138487251287635,-0.138939691098784,-0.139028932427373,-0.139911197331192,-0.140339291004007,-0.140575838040386,-0.140903555429147,-0.142233722428807,-0.142846203737334,-0.143470766308356,-0.14359670345735,-0.14372282319979,-0.143997091861568,-0.144230583210376,-0.145514145621239,-0.146133327700994,-0.14682971061126,-0.147807360204865,-0.148254851461058,-0.148986633666613,-0.149028784535068,-0.149025181713708,-0.149018700037449,-0.148968631622113,-0.148965582045581,-0.14905265918454,-0.149082325032322,-0.149080194162342,-0.149089797073553,-0.149106706310524,-0.149125382501617,-0.149153277515171,-0.149162605500939,-0.1492674815501,-0.14935804031908,-0.149603616432892,-0.149675526035722,-0.149643401523564,-0.149567418928137,-0.149499563646605,-0.149299334176909,-0.149255237690833,-0.149237835228247,-0.149219082271819,-0.149216255952997,-0.149239714860001,-0.14926449199055,-0.150003833152949],"lat":[51.4854842186522,51.4858955834175,51.485977032273,51.48609243618,51.4862327269607,51.4868751184032,51.4870562742295,51.4881802035728,51.4890345498865,51.48960623172,51.4900487971086,51.4904468354,51.4906697451387,51.4908959098913,51.4910504221607,51.4914506662725,51.4919627479213,51.4932014611355,51.4932215490546,51.4938560788893,51.4944940660079,51.4946376670383,51.4947261541456,51.4947799775127,51.4948793095762,51.4950640626455,51.4953383246886,51.4955024351049,51.4956281442407,51.4975106870336,51.4977623471358,51.4985662612443,51.4990177607874,51.5010795813384,51.5012055833323,51.5012597981415,51.50133097485,51.501413698761,51.5015149558394,51.5022482119847,51.5022501450081,51.5022331944934,51.5021028052436,51.5017653151792,51.5017035909736,51.501656710526,51.501589589274,51.5014941389717,51.5013949808279,51.5012258648341,51.5004703948663,51.5002923801936,51.5001300712244,51.4986967539444,51.4992418635257,51.4983003385982,51.4985206122765,51.4988840210572,51.4989969885012,51.4990209865796,51.4989025950631,51.4986878450744,51.4986080149441,51.4985325475512,51.4984692004819,51.498392025421,51.4983008933307,51.4982209772381,51.4977783741105,51.4986857887716,51.5014609815418,51.501421655342,51.5014294321292,51.5014212265233,51.5014481691743,51.5014778348994,51.5014981234077,51.5015664855504,51.5017933582974,51.5021122177485,51.5048907681723,51.5077716824876,51.5101790060885,51.5101572514768,51.5100762060669,51.5100185496,51.5099398408195,51.5098680926941,51.5118135302975,51.5116916713935,51.5117564298167,51.5127124850431,51.5150317010896,51.514956063125,51.5145512181872,51.516775689924,51.5167766107297,51.5168466064156,51.5179766855319,51.5177992030149,51.5188469952925,51.5194729290038,51.5197643530536,51.5198679303141,51.5199384482254,51.5200686996214,51.5202612481904,51.5203022413226,51.5204525567442,51.5205715278,51.5206226712767,51.5206364328147,51.5207084820846,51.520817624319,51.5208990096026,51.520886818003,51.5208627207864,51.520851231296,51.5208367069361,51.520821305644,51.520710765602,51.5207104416576,51.5207950077999,51.5214599556291,51.5219312254935,51.521982193224,51.5220397983558,51.5223468071364,51.5226167552075,51.5227419615848,51.5230190214411,51.5230485808622,51.523079937582,51.5231317780356,51.5233172072242,51.5234588396414,51.5236083939092,51.5238394318987,51.5240533831343,51.5247175926801,51.5249284500699,51.525297229114,51.5255332103765,51.5257387676717,51.525942619938,51.5260654607141,51.526124528217,51.5261850225577,51.526238837221,51.5262409648891,51.5262576196499,51.5262817238031,51.5263060476174,51.5263166888126,51.526427483387,51.5265044200395,51.5265781755446,51.5266438663432,51.526681471055,51.5267558167516,51.5268132683782,51.5268667491566,51.5268968350993,51.5268738261523,51.5268030778034,51.5267598980479,51.5267198727557,51.5269147601344,51.5272615723167,51.5274053869135,51.5274976465609,51.5275893803027,51.5276574628257,51.5276841829613,51.52782782276,51.5279281917981,51.528874199699,51.529072747944,51.5292565443946,51.529560877241,51.5297253625424,51.529734700457,51.5297736302525,51.5297978078625,51.5298440803208,51.5298786037776,51.5299118339257,51.5299506535638,51.5299932652977,51.5300725266309,51.5301725020037,51.5302584488471,51.5303383678306,51.5303951177918,51.5305633511674,51.5309851947972,51.5310765120382,51.5311966535944,51.5312479455457,51.5312909299453,51.5313229545155,51.5313432959154,51.5313643167999,51.5313894585184,51.5315183438419,51.5315924278587,51.5316127896224,51.5316534037815,51.5316919138235,51.5317663905116,51.5317758558027,51.5317883009028,51.5317949389836,51.5318112588096,51.5318419528093,51.5319052237423,51.5319592210377,51.5320117762196,51.5322130801881,51.5322414842282,51.5323727410895,51.5324725889865,51.5325657489133,51.5326352622141,51.5327769056643,51.5328200019688,51.5328377136869,51.5328404812394,51.5328519666834,51.5328580681105,51.5328976937511,51.5329267935623,51.5329503946834,51.5329569077881,51.5329425090811,51.5329152549318,51.5328857494691,51.5328806518766,51.5328965891455,51.5329025426808,51.5328589951621,51.5327814606234,51.5326759930478,51.5326001222362,51.5325662383878,51.5325597501132,51.5323948546966,51.5323010958825,51.5322195282149,51.5321551462578,51.5320447689208,51.5319078801452,51.5318586803124,51.5318040219132,51.5316971136232,51.531618108735,51.531358830939,51.5312376219429,51.5311507780468,51.5310892825553,51.5310883617407,51.5309933629193,51.5309361091764,51.5308554227366,51.5307937720026,51.5307367695605,51.5306616382416,51.5304448546396,51.5303716532076,51.5301200496323,51.5300775010169,51.5299357858846,51.5296136319042,51.5291615961869,51.5291121235928,51.529017251357,51.5288497174678,51.528769078214,51.5287262506258,51.5286159630929,51.528368560475,51.5279004235994,51.5278526816541,51.5279297562188,51.5279422181215,51.5279476897042,51.527944231506,51.527925761119,51.5278552105605,51.527734718788,51.5276540106305,51.527700676392,51.5277361147851,51.5279061044225,51.5287520594589,51.5304640592374,51.5313694804287,51.5318159758023,51.5321332139349,51.5324615244222,51.5326289470145,51.5328937498279,51.533006652165,51.5332097124844,51.5332548025808,51.5333010578074,51.5336645322507,51.5339887512216,51.5340679802974,51.5362893788329,51.5362417581968,51.5361082607612,51.5359378822304,51.5357594693534,51.5355317900255,51.5352649060294,51.5351975985797,51.5351401006564,51.535061643596,51.5349863495408,51.5348884546545,51.5347763229909,51.5345237236383,51.5345945239389,51.5348765311815,51.5349454939022,51.5349868197486,51.5350339911873,51.5371626268331,51.537254641697,51.5379012833074,51.5379534362754,51.5380748238303,51.5381870522946,51.5382612325405,51.5383785559741,51.5387658043691,51.5391454725423,51.5394994519396,51.5395613900607,51.5395924282151,51.5396464605324,51.5397052886008,51.5397521704663,51.5397594757283,51.539784904264,51.5397926904102,51.5397933091299,51.5397929063358,51.5397920559741,51.5396146039827,51.5394767166221,51.5382771268123,51.5381996157342,51.5381543675483,51.5381062663036,51.5380387992387,51.5376322699843,51.5383826922363,51.5377928684696,51.5385973591516,51.5385651175327,51.5385030385752,51.5384133241923,51.5381198930797,51.5379883878833,51.5378905399305,51.5369001244485,51.5357794866656,51.5362189209256,51.5363043297789,51.5364032599441,51.5368586292672,51.5372812937002,51.5363621156099,51.5363611038893,51.5365193017063,51.536751876803,51.5371041731177,51.5372054062115,51.53726515607,51.5373101491532,51.5373485110754,51.5373910856555,51.5374187529702,51.537440846327,51.5374705618878,51.5375191431907,51.5346272409583,51.5333202369789,51.5312053201574,51.5250411001184,51.5252701807763,51.5239942834452,51.5240553629894,51.5240638685384,51.524060192715,51.5239957595937,51.5246418028463,51.5246882665357,51.5246229091363,51.5245415822002,51.5240260780606,51.5239488608122,51.5239074991753,51.5238781086844,51.5238701490726,51.5238778998001,51.5226484835626,51.5218880754033,51.5213477955626,51.5208172299913,51.5204397105202,51.5201403208356,51.5200822643413,51.5200410240228,51.5200044828107,51.5198152961155,51.5188848367814,51.5191469106287,51.5186943105288,51.5189330694953,51.5180210593297,51.5179494076993,51.5175617056484,51.5175464103904,51.517545837505,51.5175515781899,51.5175645540287,51.517597140101,51.5177281355759,51.5173639975772,51.517164620582,51.5167179922015,51.5169439429314,51.5170091355048,51.5170191621254,51.5170302480493,51.5171018798722,51.5165945513677,51.5164956096567,51.5164471047174,51.5161770165942,51.5160790850788,51.5159382734765,51.5144775414204,51.5141260346205,51.5134832308953,51.513462296885,51.5134389369109,51.5134342597848,51.5133899546883,51.5131247097973,51.5130719919931,51.5128597344136,51.5127087692476,51.5126521344013,51.5126614257306,51.512665231071,51.5126793355654,51.5127109993337,51.5128752052539,51.5129572629747,51.5130117840619,51.513144399878,51.5133715887808,51.5137765803566,51.5141518611142,51.5144610498467,51.5147155561685,51.5147905136155,51.5151442387934,51.5146279160214,51.514866633854,51.5147880496795,51.514598063987,51.5145052449987,51.5145393649956,51.5146712428806,51.5147155475113,51.5148407591101,51.5149634133317,51.5150183604607,51.5150251338202,51.5152260288338,51.5153806266667,51.5160400543908,51.5159864779962,51.5148203439119,51.5151469946228,51.5152174142986,51.5152983018929,51.5153330480016,51.5153380399993,51.5152835873165,51.5152229599901,51.5147944231786,51.5139600241667,51.5138254518724,51.5137913961781,51.5136849362033,51.5134734395637,51.5131954422792,51.5130360234332,51.5128883549021,51.5128297961315,51.5127969809219,51.5127692901735,51.5125149490259,51.5123301108989,51.512307034936,51.512277907036,51.5122651635785,51.5119667591017,51.512001749131,51.5119531233328,51.5117304947098,51.5116426757976,51.5114434756567,51.5113169506866,51.5109097899796,51.5107549197,51.5107519800121,51.5108114072474,51.5108020025571,51.5107375543465,51.5107249827591,51.5107007740232,51.5107670712317,51.5107260468222,51.5106814958236,51.5105745782929,51.5104442432423,51.5104078498269,51.5103970929549,51.5103177172036,51.5102300171303,51.5102190285186,51.5100395676041,51.5099533857072,51.5096938533036,51.5097430539132,51.5097378699656,51.5096936792413,51.5095937355255,51.50953933812,51.5095621049743,51.5095327981697,51.509501693991,51.5094637885609,51.5093216753058,51.5093436820168,51.5091285723659,51.5087663397673,51.5086009002745,51.5085273223649,51.5082954524154,51.5083417023891,51.5080507504572,51.5078567124323,51.5074088173005,51.507347406456,51.5072548914576,51.5072513198792,51.5072522646766,51.5072720823376,51.5071915266633,51.5071710650401,51.5069077828207,51.5068709599179,51.5067881454837,51.5066065028133,51.5064386619824,51.5064449071572,51.5064001585279,51.5060024915767,51.5060155344366,51.5057855469069,51.5055228615984,51.5052518346545,51.5047593221803,51.5043384256807,51.5040164050026,51.503999399305,51.5039061458984,51.5024722021384,51.5018412250946,51.5018226753858,51.5011885644112,51.5011425256055,51.5008859455188,51.5006505647341,51.5006349872847,51.5005704447385,51.5005067087114,51.5004733434637,51.4981149239305,51.4961371443478,51.4960556421417,51.4958044534219,51.4956191672592,51.4947986852785,51.4947067213551,51.493697219248,51.4930334958632,51.4929628023391,51.4927121197739,51.4925878267564,51.4918189319404,51.4916441742203,51.4915071603906,51.4913321251155,51.4911184456751,51.4903207826721,51.4900757174548,51.4898084611411,51.4897183836906,51.4896823660904,51.489644804043,51.4895563586763,51.4895275532491,51.489286264981,51.4890829731742,51.4884136681131,51.4882262803204,51.488213790861,51.4880906476364,51.4878212340987,51.4878184203192,51.487815606519,51.4863616828399,51.4862818766233,51.4862145140241,51.4861080413558,51.4859895602242,51.485900161502,51.4858138710995,51.4858078325884,51.4856976625669,51.4855004131375,51.4854193816717,51.4853854734429,51.485276192104,51.4852744634625,51.4851855583714,51.4853129292113,51.4851281050153,51.4850343913895,51.4849415051191,51.4849122109597,51.4848931675316,51.4848134532127,51.4848055718887,51.4848010631565,51.4848024794784,51.4848182764862,51.4848457493163,51.4848728811252,51.4849248385504,51.4851896177919,51.4852874465948,51.4854070455552,51.4854270244483,51.4854425098252,51.485463037797,51.4854946101006,51.4856309202603,51.4856703862749,51.4856885877458,51.4856257990011,51.4856013925215,51.4855634872066,51.4856963428251,51.4857853120505,51.4858742358322,51.4859013223537,51.4861188935521,51.4861382531301,51.4861881803278,51.4862052325084,51.4862170743781,51.4862263338108,51.4862275278499,51.4862144793391,51.4861975407543,51.4861686214178,51.486208718545,51.4861910118824,51.4860869339421,51.486062147195,51.4860177840361,51.4859861386303,51.4859155346721,51.4858662790246,51.4858336312379,51.4857631934878,51.4857262794872,51.4855737766514,51.4855310035404,51.4854842186522]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.142415881006558,-0.142501030797427,-0.142536491732009,-0.142224516478278,-0.141890202569618,-0.141670491574708,-0.141541451009308,-0.141303437710259,-0.141202057802073,-0.141197279648517,-0.141145612425643,-0.141111787658669,-0.141036305843825,-0.140690308365341,-0.14068164481597,-0.140670891832684,-0.140667384989428,-0.140672981555935,-0.140682573825803,-0.140816937110218,-0.140817266536634,-0.140802884325849,-0.140755314917982,-0.140718791936926,-0.140622603546761,-0.140592691824904,-0.140597506691602,-0.140638819059633,-0.140659053474364,-0.140699094474202,-0.140805275155435,-0.140996580622733,-0.141018109283277,-0.141043302679164,-0.141043240988706,-0.141032182216857,-0.141077863935089,-0.141056431153774,-0.141031590353402,-0.141005943410488,-0.140937800944196,-0.140884321136182,-0.140804071249631,-0.140702232063821,-0.140529124705522,-0.139693035224613,-0.139451093461727,-0.139267809779572,-0.138515281916148,-0.138394434283573,-0.137445614683876,-0.137384266604767,-0.137272379403083,-0.13717894952942,-0.13701742479802,-0.136544149109666,-0.13591279950435,-0.135474818664507,-0.135337594930336,-0.135255968183567,-0.135204173599614,-0.135147164143671,-0.135089227836075,-0.134883424418701,-0.134722445380085,-0.134639481535653,-0.134379545100974,-0.134005060841134,-0.133250486225784,-0.132161839674472,-0.131840732202357,-0.131354913736951,-0.131244982587744,-0.131027115163055,-0.130925607850139,-0.130879065802476,-0.130837363982543,-0.130814143476399,-0.130762018457591,-0.130714495487674,-0.130344870235105,-0.130162847563555,-0.13002552769981,-0.129834688260511,-0.129350007314999,-0.129347124530419,-0.129137592123756,-0.128235731042259,-0.127972394100059,-0.127781754030544,-0.127699443582272,-0.127609889675736,-0.127268638604243,-0.127204105619686,-0.127173131885963,-0.127138978207029,-0.127088637738488,-0.126888229439867,-0.12665369245887,-0.126509391853384,-0.126395659313426,-0.126361950176798,-0.126155334267936,-0.12599407699568,-0.125909697405353,-0.125938516506039,-0.125900560326803,-0.125827201019105,-0.125741164753912,-0.125689972869206,-0.125479478539465,-0.125266808372827,-0.125093200182192,-0.125086251733335,-0.12500890622097,-0.124861094222693,-0.124297613672376,-0.124050336957998,-0.123734371749593,-0.123378024644622,-0.123176280451748,-0.123075520511935,-0.12272443836027,-0.122606985467736,-0.122520976356958,-0.122400724785628,-0.122352307278812,-0.122340604054314,-0.122329122819241,-0.122338704102011,-0.122341030660235,-0.122340403315935,-0.122360522142287,-0.122464719851335,-0.122563452971613,-0.122553265107461,-0.122556113049131,-0.121995523906944,-0.121218885239303,-0.119895987894153,-0.119011421037366,-0.118141158591545,-0.117557690913294,-0.117102934308749,-0.116532520664817,-0.116052924025181,-0.1160166880765,-0.115943332060229,-0.115880247197116,-0.115841099094965,-0.115807015470925,-0.115783314149998,-0.115726922909826,-0.115680264420048,-0.11556976348858,-0.11552873769624,-0.115476112151255,-0.115432421413322,-0.115303556683591,-0.114705667403184,-0.114494835383188,-0.113824851888912,-0.113760400661362,-0.113625356606437,-0.113437713776847,-0.112949388983406,-0.113224671473578,-0.113735337654034,-0.11425342179999,-0.114206816346068,-0.114103165008543,-0.113880834858294,-0.113679656167517,-0.113612148880428,-0.113506859725837,-0.113212170965062,-0.112563048219487,-0.112357917145219,-0.112194220247546,-0.111885071783423,-0.111201357912202,-0.110602557799403,-0.109985219809988,-0.109809631003374,-0.10960467311539,-0.109481577706053,-0.1093216609607,-0.109244466628781,-0.10899126745988,-0.108966752160185,-0.10875833635703,-0.10860216878104,-0.10833695578676,-0.108285741772481,-0.108274441011435,-0.107020549148219,-0.106647748219447,-0.106501627746717,-0.106352529031939,-0.106165063664447,-0.106036470718735,-0.105884415279116,-0.10548951763617,-0.105349923289653,-0.105837359341725,-0.106199873885832,-0.106531131797356,-0.107049293021372,-0.107406188855007,-0.107591391006849,-0.107826646104367,-0.108191685838847,-0.10903384549072,-0.109532285560698,-0.110476002325436,-0.111626484179056,-0.112339142515622,-0.113029796095814,-0.113821071839928,-0.113812548325567,-0.113786977862585,-0.113742430012431,-0.11371913133018,-0.113448621712555,-0.112860897630063,-0.11215391548118,-0.112133313578149,-0.111868761143522,-0.111606814954749,-0.111687732808344,-0.111707906350371,-0.112325233052086,-0.112307966611989,-0.113859293860586,-0.11468598723881,-0.114718366080205,-0.117276474070387,-0.117617223503495,-0.118379286714726,-0.118405508587872,-0.118623962185677,-0.118657841186778,-0.118700472890899,-0.118853629857244,-0.11932170376564,-0.119493176283105,-0.120346897393076,-0.121316247961204,-0.121843397667666,-0.12209822949033,-0.122894192447536,-0.123380024793705,-0.123584880950591,-0.12397726975416,-0.124492964067321,-0.125262138038102,-0.12619825769088,-0.126668765450667,-0.126867326636922,-0.126944505361675,-0.127042990090057,-0.127177991045854,-0.12727873166272,-0.127352810674775,-0.127452408670868,-0.127602673155178,-0.127714204833264,-0.127989047781049,-0.128272909750902,-0.128364426985142,-0.128869508373046,-0.128997401922354,-0.129008739974038,-0.12912019739449,-0.129361463501879,-0.129689672967984,-0.129852548059181,-0.13043841609463,-0.130471565280648,-0.130466114061374,-0.130372900384501,-0.130369472856184,-0.130427397671815,-0.130831814913578,-0.131076890071506,-0.131114818301953,-0.131162792423058,-0.131586326946513,-0.13247477548678,-0.132568930419663,-0.133004706726135,-0.133622567196582,-0.133867185012613,-0.133910315825321,-0.13394255568256,-0.133977382491427,-0.134013392592561,-0.134070421110412,-0.134474009614734,-0.13434280120238,-0.135258286800735,-0.135851796445352,-0.136321947136129,-0.137033157371586,-0.138035886922184,-0.138170871098403,-0.138206857720262,-0.138255625541467,-0.138344067490447,-0.138736900605656,-0.139179887377623,-0.139804034023297,-0.140473926503575,-0.141415963227077,-0.142901144036028,-0.143093184030647,-0.143311974152749,-0.14352124348559,-0.143521002786906,-0.143513537606399,-0.143414726580513,-0.143496470808722,-0.143989710702594,-0.144179003205598,-0.144154815619383,-0.144646645682092,-0.144708482687922,-0.144852982830852,-0.145198552321867,-0.145815598878895,-0.147195842738457,-0.14992283102557,-0.150885298265325,-0.151481176416183,-0.152732436524032,-0.153416453870501,-0.153928112481956,-0.154181350326848,-0.154423277681548,-0.154746557595262,-0.154994684546225,-0.155221449794836,-0.155481976228795,-0.155849441531381,-0.157579594041988,-0.15863150541849,-0.1594381615381,-0.159445330378009,-0.160486835217735,-0.161919867347132,-0.163390237356192,-0.163619160448262,-0.163792745226817,-0.164961075174877,-0.166582893485816,-0.168044191560813,-0.168206090325869,-0.16845027364138,-0.169044131048258,-0.169261156030793,-0.169436030731126,-0.169542887017973,-0.170890244332954,-0.171981257188363,-0.173510971795143,-0.174035439655837,-0.17409474471006,-0.174123101300231,-0.17414147822684,-0.174152796062991,-0.173921648853743,-0.175790769494294,-0.17829858442891,-0.178353347829828,-0.178379288389096,-0.178571103840707,-0.178764647452515,-0.1790382071282,-0.179088969921379,-0.179312914226571,-0.179752197365744,-0.18003699093421,-0.180180989926901,-0.1804199529174,-0.181600661096019,-0.182749207874515,-0.183873523195251,-0.184078629609818,-0.184224338583977,-0.184468173927297,-0.184643157614281,-0.184701469788078,-0.18539338109459,-0.185490767572745,-0.187751221121209,-0.187841049456651,-0.18790180784115,-0.187978082434233,-0.188583331763713,-0.188773585175777,-0.189059142731784,-0.189216182791447,-0.189324764576995,-0.189425592334303,-0.189556574533773,-0.189669644190361,-0.189835674899122,-0.19040617218486,-0.190825388423809,-0.191082183920034,-0.191284507043934,-0.191427732843279,-0.191483522125869,-0.192462486244892,-0.192650587008638,-0.193755575219978,-0.195442191329178,-0.196391447558528,-0.196539487669122,-0.196692242913947,-0.196855158305484,-0.197796486915674,-0.198874653757356,-0.198876095004917,-0.199405903487094,-0.201228997636206,-0.201931838038752,-0.201958266863474,-0.20272246986189,-0.20321809402436,-0.203589429303565,-0.203736552976979,-0.204272371214599,-0.205136467387009,-0.2057674720151,-0.206336808220783,-0.206813747681064,-0.207254248438303,-0.207309293919007,-0.207562928131721,-0.207973945667937,-0.208601915386492,-0.2091721058982,-0.209756681464636,-0.210318348591523,-0.210749515736036,-0.211280292260074,-0.211430171517426,-0.211729967514755,-0.211941059513216,-0.212380048576633,-0.212491185904601,-0.21280793287146,-0.21289927931977,-0.2132391712601,-0.21346240525241,-0.213501363117314,-0.213285319323126,-0.213000283650929,-0.212511748455117,-0.212129439791493,-0.21169772237359,-0.21124687852563,-0.210844630077308,-0.210031158006928,-0.210026974027358,-0.209566493317584,-0.209538577096314,-0.209237166915551,-0.208856362843739,-0.208845147222668,-0.208334029620933,-0.208038367454926,-0.207522785055855,-0.206991447375961,-0.206496043020589,-0.206335901825987,-0.206215640632906,-0.206089577256377,-0.205992276867574,-0.205966149647765,-0.205893866922465,-0.20589799620958,-0.205903425708287,-0.205865409179887,-0.205877555193832,-0.205837425570728,-0.205815267913235,-0.205779120466556,-0.205346615652161,-0.205104621102037,-0.204975880266507,-0.20478934040396,-0.204310814019473,-0.204082136983353,-0.203948937619088,-0.203676772031354,-0.203347743839881,-0.202790673297245,-0.201850200466337,-0.201648851248015,-0.201338312920117,-0.200981841009886,-0.200551452267322,-0.200169253281652,-0.199991607657849,-0.199410043942753,-0.199464126536513,-0.199484957564976,-0.199501898181465,-0.199517565901497,-0.199604120356709,-0.199669249571492,-0.199675699582656,-0.19967367683673,-0.199660262414608,-0.199624122282022,-0.199498094606404,-0.199126239032266,-0.199052306774677,-0.198906735619305,-0.19879129834346,-0.198639022061463,-0.198580344229701,-0.198533271169692,-0.198507646534196,-0.198499017366628,-0.198500103828517,-0.198479166063002,-0.198231075947562,-0.198229634184465,-0.197984674281006,-0.197623271048067,-0.197564250449301,-0.197346747655628,-0.197034300487128,-0.196817790890171,-0.196680273824528,-0.196766361983845,-0.196817476891547,-0.196842644359842,-0.19693210651446,-0.196944585016122,-0.196922540506125,-0.196903748117593,-0.196918712657358,-0.196919621285461,-0.196813104705793,-0.196750790874219,-0.196649310624145,-0.196594667704257,-0.196243946890923,-0.196124845136566,-0.19595810878671,-0.195594805028179,-0.195348378930915,-0.195077781350578,-0.194852005137339,-0.194612131717607,-0.194612826848974,-0.194569021068512,-0.194481818290482,-0.194402749893686,-0.194301733727536,-0.194279821649871,-0.194110327680844,-0.193982236874729,-0.193852775792493,-0.193788819671964,-0.193615782206007,-0.192980519620864,-0.192320004437164,-0.191747039383658,-0.191406515272388,-0.191140340407698,-0.190960104942282,-0.190766408050286,-0.190663068086933,-0.190618716008472,-0.190515036495342,-0.190405201585453,-0.190371226555404,-0.190144608283544,-0.190160428595275,-0.190143070390611,-0.190021488473088,-0.190018826422111,-0.189997154884331,-0.189935230382091,-0.189900360011681,-0.189847407838962,-0.189643378402645,-0.189495991660818,-0.189422943895181,-0.189364972089387,-0.189311240683042,-0.189252134048403,-0.189187616508182,-0.189149661261221,-0.188701259375126,-0.188384820323114,-0.188415007731734,-0.18809345091538,-0.187918604403378,-0.187813316976565,-0.187728681649852,-0.187529843889691,-0.18744675751984,-0.187391104466374,-0.187277712853212,-0.187192898246747,-0.187016810342974,-0.186776593290015,-0.186721987991138,-0.186643810050383,-0.186564297235449,-0.186484784280905,-0.18647011394606,-0.186421562347075,-0.186371568694813,-0.186321610753865,-0.18627168852727,-0.18622036001279,-0.186167589445911,-0.18611489036498,-0.185681892178961,-0.185241467127211,-0.184750666403697,-0.184194875675629,-0.184008148814741,-0.183811408522525,-0.183481832505599,-0.183718919300307,-0.183567514704273,-0.183493254362695,-0.182210678020822,-0.182132098090761,-0.182000106107711,-0.181890059119457,-0.181828201606646,-0.181710935871843,-0.180918745732617,-0.180833813610361,-0.180974606975224,-0.180752453590255,-0.180515448781098,-0.180181177985309,-0.179724628904107,-0.179087247607361,-0.179061253985987,-0.179007824646885,-0.178955765577569,-0.178902264407275,-0.17884869140322,-0.178796560484424,-0.178744357723688,-0.17869211903184,-0.17863984440576,-0.178588975938524,-0.178538107451474,-0.178487167102338,-0.178437632904247,-0.178388062757782,-0.178385178562891,-0.178370613894669,-0.178357455398231,-0.178342890725581,-0.178328326050816,-0.178313761373935,-0.178299160770033,-0.178284596088629,-0.178271437577912,-0.178258243139018,-0.178245048697137,-0.178233296351028,-0.178222950174714,-0.178211161896488,-0.178200779787522,-0.178190397675346,-0.178179979632635,-0.178171039613838,-0.178162063664563,-0.178153087712135,-0.178145517929256,-0.178137948143395,-0.178131820455884,-0.178125692765941,-0.178119601002175,-0.178114915409636,-0.17811163598885,-0.178106950392738,-0.178105113071813,-0.178101833646699,-0.178099996323766,-0.178099637033028,-0.178099241812999,-0.178100288697303,-0.178101335582008,-0.178078358370704,-0.177695062010472,-0.177678044248188,-0.177386370905165,-0.176953812125973,-0.176514319651131,-0.175993022664532,-0.175924665574917,-0.175933599415306,-0.175192782018679,-0.175157405848761,-0.17488788154988,-0.174406904116158,-0.174351423414044,-0.17426140675537,-0.174106138018045,-0.173995643256281,-0.173851547960614,-0.173853539806975,-0.173730962087429,-0.173739592128894,-0.173743565778181,-0.173651861424396,-0.173548145011186,-0.173506722228513,-0.173461369186186,-0.173443199122646,-0.173376827573649,-0.173307607572411,-0.173295566156545,-0.173223497655923,-0.173149986794835,-0.173073699516416,-0.172694636932883,-0.172296174155066,-0.17209081171531,-0.171843049772249,-0.171811105868876,-0.171697030610583,-0.171358480996698,-0.171285290636148,-0.171008608687262,-0.170504566126702,-0.169946979958326,-0.169913485023669,-0.16914847658363,-0.168448330495342,-0.167373031807514,-0.167107164220429,-0.166853629405315,-0.166595483105598,-0.166321116070508,-0.166214295401422,-0.165956512422034,-0.165889810698426,-0.16577111833178,-0.1656335740724,-0.165271273441427,-0.164912039239224,-0.164894877991308,-0.164857707362073,-0.164820572941193,-0.164783402341506,-0.164746267951614,-0.164709097381474,-0.164671890628918,-0.164633241723429,-0.16459448423646,-0.164560017056032,-0.164473704330627,-0.16438728302517,-0.164300825532582,-0.164263329245814,-0.164176799358118,-0.164090233268932,-0.164003594763178,-0.163384827144251,-0.16260835550138,-0.161552911912002,-0.161494717535026,-0.161401693498899,-0.161308741923803,-0.161215862820854,-0.161123019934043,-0.16102877109826,-0.160933188860029,-0.160839085032276,-0.160820264263224,-0.160791312021919,-0.160760917606814,-0.160731929085264,-0.160701534664071,-0.160671176516164,-0.160642260537981,-0.160611938664193,-0.160583058961303,-0.16055280964356,-0.160545598787601,-0.160515385751345,-0.160485208998014,-0.160455032249074,-0.160424891785426,-0.160394787608836,-0.160366125609319,-0.16033749989879,-0.160331767501041,-0.160303178082672,-0.160274624956737,-0.160246071840524,-0.160218997187983,-0.160191922545686,-0.160166326367984,-0.15981360448335,-0.158862787285178,-0.156981423617426,-0.155391323001349,-0.153933217704961,-0.152706247313435,-0.151177331232014,-0.150350754842312,-0.150113697132124,-0.149775724964313,-0.149543159376401,-0.149162751166224,-0.14806753865107,-0.147096666420971,-0.146119448939136,-0.145128753727885,-0.144602694860356,-0.144417164702107,-0.144153419037327,-0.14385543073456,-0.142418012893595,-0.142412354607208,-0.142415881006558],"lat":[51.5691202668882,51.5690137056909,51.5689225442649,51.5686820038445,51.5683170133174,51.5676894593661,51.5672800585809,51.5661108694858,51.5656956116313,51.5656712563693,51.565416851255,51.5653263910674,51.5651606337104,51.5645877290024,51.5645525212232,51.564462426477,51.5643715473072,51.5643050919653,51.5642467931303,51.5638532549713,51.5636329454979,51.563525707617,51.5633478028651,51.5632528035489,51.5630642366381,51.5628425486671,51.5625476729959,51.5622776552594,51.5622060363927,51.5621086533064,51.5619107036557,51.5614650120493,51.5613970105983,51.5612391428083,51.5611699000452,51.5610519238764,51.560710035649,51.5605280487903,51.5604296376269,51.560350997054,51.5602177285266,51.5601494378588,51.5600654358354,51.5599801924023,51.5598029957931,51.5585847551629,51.5582562916355,51.558010589092,51.5570085840267,51.5568591905219,51.5556841062357,51.5555968048078,51.5554754289197,51.5553966104915,51.5552897334175,51.5550457161254,51.5548576364988,51.5547032008725,51.5546371736627,51.5545873171035,51.5545487255852,51.5544965624727,51.5544317951609,51.5541380674215,51.5539475659327,51.5538599193503,51.5536201839984,51.5533597421406,51.5528351685492,51.5521209264907,51.5519665390888,51.5517133081798,51.5516504084898,51.5515111518746,51.5514187109342,51.5513577199584,51.5512842166239,51.55121730244,51.5508702620593,51.5506572827032,51.5498924287712,51.5496179553924,51.5494844767331,51.5493195704017,51.5489692303079,51.5489691843432,51.5488381501721,51.5484262980332,51.5483060935326,51.548171761347,51.5481039035044,51.5480368292475,51.5477418248877,51.547662560238,51.5476090102002,51.5475275327187,51.5474538900475,51.5469956712978,51.5461043690544,51.5456146724942,51.5451884112365,51.5450610789365,51.5441927024285,51.5435543582396,51.5431861170814,51.5430462947317,51.5429170958996,51.542736973574,51.5424793133102,51.5421107028708,51.5417584312932,51.5414591801917,51.541192026665,51.541115479486,51.5408570582246,51.5405939135914,51.539813350123,51.5395144425504,51.5392378163323,51.5388913010742,51.5386425786226,51.5384979859461,51.5379186472698,51.5376191161383,51.5373614535799,51.5368847252629,51.536309329862,51.5360681436518,51.535821565486,51.5355186717107,51.5345861869671,51.5345663934299,51.5340424527963,51.5327366111148,51.5311078508197,51.5308298194279,51.5307255519734,51.5307894177393,51.5308480222188,51.5309374346623,51.530746101477,51.530557688801,51.5304071446188,51.5302820441078,51.530094835017,51.5298731116716,51.5298428544092,51.5297688368811,51.5296904880243,51.529626012383,51.5295436330511,51.5294542264672,51.52872492707,51.5283186151765,51.5279571394574,51.5278683537273,51.5277811801263,51.5277220268451,51.5275958597057,51.5272022713081,51.5270711888052,51.5266782354254,51.5266331356934,51.5265869006973,51.5265227338091,51.526408767201,51.5262360428225,51.5258791595275,51.5255169977782,51.5254586963913,51.5252807765616,51.5249049114155,51.5246103186499,51.5245345950832,51.5244312862712,51.5242368042073,51.5237938205528,51.5236996950945,51.5236494002499,51.5235607938452,51.5233969132327,51.5232712657728,51.5231408202658,51.5230993229712,51.5230708408838,51.5230149017886,51.5229430817505,51.5229274493943,51.5230195877409,51.5229850208986,51.5226921011927,51.522460273561,51.5221466536113,51.5220954694765,51.5220898917006,51.5221892630408,51.5216895558655,51.5214938576327,51.5212657379967,51.5209200957278,51.520684213452,51.520284287967,51.5191367571904,51.5185409947628,51.5183959942896,51.5182741539851,51.5181760878434,51.5180198880693,51.5178943563686,51.5178424901352,51.5177653527299,51.5177910246711,51.5178855378118,51.517926844972,51.5180751412422,51.5182078746157,51.5182625102648,51.5182916084764,51.5182575745493,51.5182196688536,51.5181059517624,51.5179631533752,51.5179340025893,51.517643689442,51.5170425261569,51.5162236194747,51.5161990080284,51.515799977237,51.5153380399993,51.5153330480016,51.5152983018929,51.5152174142986,51.5151469946228,51.5148203439119,51.5159864779962,51.5160400543908,51.5153806266667,51.5152260288338,51.5150251338202,51.5150183604607,51.5149634133317,51.5148407591101,51.5147155475113,51.5146712428806,51.5145393649956,51.5145052449987,51.514598063987,51.5147880496795,51.514866633854,51.5146279160214,51.5151442387934,51.5147905136155,51.5147155561685,51.5144610498467,51.5141518611142,51.5137765803566,51.5133715887808,51.513144399878,51.5130117840619,51.5129572629747,51.5128752052539,51.5127109993337,51.5126793355654,51.512665231071,51.5126614257306,51.5126521344013,51.5127087692476,51.5128597344136,51.5130719919931,51.5131247097973,51.5133899546883,51.5134342597848,51.5134389369109,51.513462296885,51.5134832308953,51.5141260346205,51.5144775414204,51.5159382734765,51.5160790850788,51.5161770165942,51.5164471047174,51.5164956096567,51.5165945513677,51.5171018798722,51.5170302480493,51.5170191621254,51.5170091355048,51.5169439429314,51.5167179922015,51.517164620582,51.5173639975772,51.5177281355759,51.517597140101,51.5175645540287,51.5175515781899,51.517545837505,51.5175464103904,51.5175617056484,51.5179494076993,51.5180210593297,51.5189330694953,51.5186943105288,51.5191469106287,51.5188848367814,51.5198152961155,51.5200044828107,51.5200410240228,51.5200822643413,51.5201403208356,51.5204397105202,51.5208172299913,51.5213477955626,51.5218880754033,51.5226484835626,51.5238778998001,51.5238701490726,51.5238781086844,51.5239074991753,51.5239488608122,51.5240260780606,51.5245415822002,51.5246229091363,51.5246882665357,51.5246418028463,51.5239957595937,51.524060192715,51.5240638685384,51.5240553629894,51.5239942834452,51.5252701807763,51.5250411001184,51.5312053201574,51.5333202369789,51.5346272409583,51.5375191431907,51.5374705618878,51.537440846327,51.5374187529702,51.5373910856555,51.5373485110754,51.5373101491532,51.53726515607,51.5372054062115,51.5371041731177,51.536751876803,51.5365193017063,51.5363611038893,51.5363621156099,51.5372812937002,51.5368586292672,51.5364032599441,51.5363043297789,51.5362189209256,51.5357794866656,51.5369001244485,51.5378905399305,51.5379883878833,51.5381198930797,51.5384133241923,51.5385030385752,51.5385651175327,51.5385973591516,51.5377928684696,51.5383826922363,51.5376322699843,51.5380387992387,51.5381062663036,51.5381543675483,51.5381996157342,51.5382771268123,51.5394767166221,51.5396146039827,51.5397920559741,51.5397929063358,51.5397933091299,51.5397926904102,51.539784904264,51.5397594757283,51.5397521704663,51.5397052886008,51.5396464605324,51.5395924282151,51.5395613900607,51.5394994519396,51.5391454725423,51.5387658043691,51.5383785559741,51.5382612325405,51.5381870522946,51.5380748238303,51.5379534362754,51.5379012833074,51.537254641697,51.5371626268331,51.5350339911873,51.5349868197486,51.5349454939022,51.5348765311815,51.5345945239389,51.5345237236383,51.5347763229909,51.5348884546545,51.5349863495408,51.535061643596,51.5351401006564,51.5351975985797,51.5352649060294,51.5355317900255,51.5357594693534,51.5359378822304,51.5361082607612,51.5362417581968,51.5362893788329,51.5371290710511,51.5372947317929,51.5382667442603,51.5397377801691,51.5406030593135,51.5407249341343,51.540836989593,51.5409474025246,51.5417226239704,51.5426123434436,51.54261236557,51.5430368462015,51.5446034111747,51.5452859167442,51.5453106012458,51.5460102285804,51.5464989128711,51.5468112396464,51.5469573704577,51.5474880304536,51.5482898850008,51.5488948323111,51.5494179018812,51.5498334463555,51.5501854853828,51.5502528700671,51.5504419881767,51.5507737907466,51.5512374954932,51.5516301743538,51.5520608378281,51.5524506831873,51.5527845815327,51.5531901373366,51.5533039275691,51.5535306087751,51.5537019832078,51.5541313136714,51.5542400160512,51.5545865511368,51.5546481913448,51.5549564105539,51.5551495487198,51.5551861113603,51.5552880323824,51.5554203755552,51.555702488276,51.5559241703305,51.556154989718,51.5563216701457,51.556463012002,51.5567536478203,51.5567499870451,51.5563535917827,51.5563297856372,51.5560338330871,51.5557393654798,51.5557311011341,51.5558896563851,51.5559615764346,51.5560867882116,51.5562090592633,51.5563345748982,51.5563716933855,51.556385141938,51.5563994008955,51.5564158979767,51.5564199946799,51.556203971737,51.55613569284,51.5560710307727,51.5559373623429,51.5555553721785,51.5554387569262,51.5553053309642,51.5553074759237,51.5553377300995,51.5553655017464,51.5554111918501,51.5554227257023,51.5555592811925,51.5556151309182,51.5556274798676,51.5556520890251,51.5556920131379,51.5557716069915,51.555916362901,51.5559375564314,51.5559840529821,51.5560613177676,51.5561473395084,51.5561819430931,51.5561873111036,51.5561927756869,51.5562844286659,51.5563414003219,51.5564603596963,51.5565019650665,51.5566480705276,51.5568253205055,51.5568811722233,51.5569323977481,51.5569798515303,51.5570548329834,51.5572507314786,51.5577171246227,51.5577627502405,51.5578324548323,51.557906218787,51.5580360690566,51.5580972156139,51.5581567418376,51.5582210935406,51.5582569305673,51.5584484849088,51.5587592997221,51.5589407333711,51.5589407112318,51.5591158977676,51.5588792427345,51.5589125071502,51.5590134773996,51.5591075929569,51.5591833988338,51.5592316427539,51.5593894331963,51.5595925472469,51.5598681007873,51.5598676770798,51.5598804581612,51.5600365867876,51.5604022877777,51.5606075439345,51.5606210464626,51.5606149134211,51.5606948871867,51.5606708466415,51.5607392481288,51.5606700113466,51.5606537925991,51.5606017710898,51.5605224472747,51.5604790910134,51.5604632387943,51.5604813473091,51.5605639836204,51.5606557165882,51.5607053998953,51.5607580123772,51.5607873697811,51.5608244825224,51.5608313392199,51.5608853827216,51.56091398535,51.5608679299923,51.5608435653231,51.5609506086111,51.561180923716,51.5615385381844,51.561580067147,51.5615811136179,51.5616354610957,51.5617055207743,51.5618239314816,51.5619194557667,51.5620554560647,51.5623775830093,51.562636668256,51.5627656345825,51.5634950184641,51.5637506460814,51.5639697924238,51.5645245453818,51.5646279166813,51.5647013199048,51.5648073740028,51.5649588073023,51.5650569066186,51.5652533898084,51.5652951784695,51.565354300303,51.5654334379555,51.5654784699734,51.565513527403,51.5655395089233,51.5655506132848,51.5655787628299,51.5657717101591,51.5658108434441,51.5659146864282,51.5659938171007,51.5660290598827,51.5660529314376,51.5660822329139,51.5661034304777,51.5661241525172,51.5661817505845,51.5662101151758,51.5664654759883,51.5666281233298,51.5666587528639,51.5667016074266,51.5667417435943,51.5667818797066,51.5667879476435,51.5668114766948,51.5668349834381,51.5668575914742,51.5668793008032,51.566900089136,51.5669208551559,51.5669398237812,51.5670518291149,51.5671691134292,51.567246949579,51.5673624452662,51.5674135099357,51.5674985903789,51.5677668572973,51.5679728558386,51.5680064817793,51.5680233169986,51.5686697909636,51.5687225279428,51.5688481749116,51.5689300990732,51.568961513226,51.5690073558419,51.5694051306002,51.5694361865285,51.5696685741201,51.5696669286735,51.5696758433887,51.5696994355281,51.5697858751423,51.5699198644006,51.5699203602782,51.5699213296374,51.5699241187138,51.5699268853871,51.569931449398,51.5699360357657,51.5699424194722,51.5699497018363,51.569957882858,51.5699669849211,51.5699760869619,51.5699869863422,51.5699988067668,51.570011525851,51.5700114810781,51.5700148519358,51.5700191438593,51.5700225147135,51.5700258855659,51.5700292564164,51.5700335259459,51.5700368967928,51.5700411887064,51.5700463792994,51.5700515698908,51.5700567828691,51.5700629169154,51.5700690285721,51.5700760612971,51.5700830940211,51.5700910254249,51.5700980805362,51.5701060343274,51.5701139881179,51.5701228629779,51.5701317378373,51.5701406350858,51.5701495323339,51.5701575309011,51.5701664505384,51.570176291246,51.5701852108829,51.5701950739802,51.5702049146875,51.5702147777847,51.5702237645913,51.5702336500784,51.5702435579556,51.5702534658328,51.5704311583055,51.5702732352672,51.570265777082,51.5701983004642,51.5701897826667,51.5700660529758,51.5698951889071,51.5698725446161,51.569793550475,51.5695554243066,51.5694298799621,51.5694220912826,51.5692536456495,51.5693058375946,51.5693916632641,51.5695214355057,51.5696141362428,51.5697171048502,51.5699194646283,51.5699175569838,51.5702423165745,51.5704312185996,51.5707750991136,51.5709866044661,51.5710480072105,51.5710994571364,51.571120756044,51.5711925612654,51.5712634228699,51.5712758247687,51.5713457427431,51.5714156382191,51.5714827927078,51.5716873125032,51.5719077152258,51.5719189042999,51.572051728974,51.5721285658619,51.5722382942171,51.5724038744244,51.5724297110323,51.5725279121952,51.5726459484968,51.5727676438312,51.572775214619,51.5728514069096,51.5728935362794,51.5729702690527,51.5729787060243,51.5729675517845,51.572927549286,51.5728603155675,51.5727894048913,51.5727404142587,51.5727483641403,51.5727572998205,51.572732668827,51.5726631587879,51.5725891993774,51.5725853340478,51.5725766596003,51.5725670864677,51.572558411997,51.572548838841,51.5725401643471,51.572532388515,51.5725245901151,51.5725194877232,51.5725153516634,51.5725086061639,51.5725045566214,51.5725014056888,51.5725008191152,51.5724994654381,51.5724990103704,51.5725003525854,51.5725284378571,51.5725666400384,51.5726876931103,51.5726993707387,51.5727158980709,51.572730627985,51.5727435604811,51.5727555942315,51.5727667066356,51.5727751003469,51.5727826179112,51.572784121415,51.5727863653632,51.5727885867004,51.5727917293055,51.5727939506272,51.5727952732695,51.5727966185093,51.5727970424647,51.5727974890184,51.5727961156156,51.5727960025832,51.5727937304994,51.5727905597364,51.5727873889657,51.5727833195158,51.5727783513869,51.5727734058591,51.572767561653,51.5727665725452,51.5727598296594,51.5727521880955,51.5727445465246,51.5727360288861,51.5727275112415,51.5727181175306,51.5725902901479,51.5721931987854,51.5720764391785,51.5719300570258,51.5718028154377,51.571705272499,51.571616448426,51.5715737475047,51.5715124591985,51.5713065998886,51.5712058146122,51.5710856114994,51.5708003579202,51.5706159740798,51.5704458697781,51.5702170934963,51.5701305427331,51.5700799492008,51.5700011411082,51.5699127983444,51.5692803658388,51.5692775785376,51.5691202668882]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0793794679952908,-0.0793450658328605,-0.0792433132778058,-0.0791027549534167,-0.0790548282792321,-0.0790471062324555,-0.07887132945488,-0.0787364332869772,-0.0787212763552402,-0.0787369282447463,-0.0787909331361159,-0.0787483081921752,-0.0790892798592161,-0.0790992470989345,-0.0790492293600214,-0.0789625214053599,-0.0788825890062166,-0.0785441684989222,-0.0785152152122937,-0.0785022608992913,-0.0783982081493266,-0.078166787953061,-0.0779632893376501,-0.0777894969809648,-0.0775781067686937,-0.0770781588534066,-0.0769192153049312,-0.0768826844426672,-0.0768865170161536,-0.0768939908941509,-0.0768954331090376,-0.0765587463298985,-0.076285614490146,-0.0762764388450584,-0.0761725600335151,-0.0761509201905723,-0.0760821198057568,-0.0757814386890466,-0.0757762070610501,-0.0757585016575725,-0.0756992285896379,-0.0756935817364355,-0.0756408644135954,-0.0756214223397679,-0.0755840919508136,-0.0755665834244084,-0.0754118867349699,-0.074834519324432,-0.0746180847022504,-0.0744215088260629,-0.0741969268839624,-0.0740496180799881,-0.0738330695955609,-0.0735211699505754,-0.0731407510723234,-0.072990978731522,-0.072914234425376,-0.0728354042122366,-0.072781056805717,-0.0727597183896207,-0.0727493259301498,-0.0727640256061321,-0.0727712242837251,-0.0728271564621701,-0.0729165549395869,-0.0729835553082207,-0.0730440363017684,-0.0730632102891492,-0.0731430901776385,-0.0732674651134013,-0.0733892690211323,-0.0733919219669636,-0.0734873889167792,-0.0736641909438215,-0.0739691045271914,-0.0743065798380701,-0.0744420409548168,-0.074813823405628,-0.0751461155995787,-0.0764340393791842,-0.0768191905377155,-0.0768576649037952,-0.0768769210408802,-0.0769181247724686,-0.0773705103229474,-0.0774029974183903,-0.0776433394817361,-0.0776863310482862,-0.0777341332611016,-0.0778032007014793,-0.0779658605104961,-0.0781469115757869,-0.0780482086537291,-0.0780826659079651,-0.0783344307488403,-0.0794297679793971,-0.0791736309902736,-0.0789900830164836,-0.0788405955223366,-0.0788432873400365,-0.0788109988139041,-0.0787305892848478,-0.0784714989901411,-0.0784528135681574,-0.0782365019386912,-0.0779228606541731,-0.0771314330910912,-0.0767179388606556,-0.0764539010805481,-0.0761871114605987,-0.0761634208893119,-0.0760795370328528,-0.0760145685720931,-0.07586313589412,-0.0758384217773724,-0.0758152617524103,-0.0757704956607028,-0.0757272882234803,-0.0757186477875529,-0.075776504773504,-0.0759154570792695,-0.0764430828692708,-0.0765605363683075,-0.0766013463939545,-0.0766292608494441,-0.0766425373187151,-0.076640457636826,-0.0766356481458915,-0.0765396617851449,-0.0763572079411812,-0.0763153638733536,-0.0772533170276193,-0.0768885364894057,-0.0763495131690883,-0.076039205975887,-0.0756803672168023,-0.075635327443339,-0.0754784840453982,-0.0753184175354619,-0.0749322357210175,-0.0746496634404512,-0.0743736086375631,-0.0741706135214572,-0.0740450776114171,-0.0737730001640364,-0.0731491444664572,-0.0729224106256887,-0.072787924579839,-0.0722654485239092,-0.0719265233782881,-0.0716333227280287,-0.0712324811621416,-0.0705313117840919,-0.0699146563933718,-0.0692959553480491,-0.0679957197980599,-0.0673088773025682,-0.0663132818583332,-0.0661789719332997,-0.0658962503080176,-0.0656236596175847,-0.065364176403,-0.0651402946467993,-0.0651103490333893,-0.0649807318040677,-0.0632631349891491,-0.0626747132097853,-0.0622380443817036,-0.0623141808912635,-0.06245756146081,-0.0625711523781979,-0.0627166360343566,-0.062754138948088,-0.0628380602001606,-0.0628503284679396,-0.0627966832079861,-0.0626641805958108,-0.0624704334773673,-0.0620951667226883,-0.0617015421562737,-0.0613410913741274,-0.0609386125695339,-0.0606831916439668,-0.0606551380365017,-0.0604604609815163,-0.0603712522872703,-0.0601992374010285,-0.0599097214448177,-0.059684728326365,-0.0593558022445841,-0.0590633451541702,-0.0587538152191519,-0.0581126701116175,-0.0575659949088571,-0.0572999686772776,-0.0568150795307674,-0.0562119437475241,-0.0556483334691501,-0.055425196554523,-0.0552474927873734,-0.0552402883294353,-0.0552257261997168,-0.0550387402816159,-0.0548638176750106,-0.0547036337113635,-0.0543899635569778,-0.0541411105407796,-0.0538568103390698,-0.0534668430424416,-0.0530158934595942,-0.0528360675901365,-0.0528099014630887,-0.0527108733675247,-0.0525817059608839,-0.0523945939803683,-0.052142195514783,-0.0518797258544417,-0.0517651464712763,-0.0516039582684983,-0.0514285906284435,-0.0509568720366007,-0.0508092059977941,-0.0506547191699535,-0.0504990985725379,-0.0503581561185097,-0.0502490678087521,-0.0499183254603088,-0.0496255474222156,-0.049551426021299,-0.0492995519451368,-0.0489018203146133,-0.0485864546856649,-0.0485146980363245,-0.048428494029586,-0.048310705619068,-0.0481866540740136,-0.0480793168513998,-0.0479917678687259,-0.0478536335937185,-0.0475748114002997,-0.0473277844441899,-0.0471595070813359,-0.0469232768274565,-0.0459826314088135,-0.0449262794998573,-0.0448607071109111,-0.0447889859527289,-0.0447066392046949,-0.0446431011588687,-0.0442999280535345,-0.0439705596257117,-0.0438324542088806,-0.0437294548965901,-0.0435767401109554,-0.0434697798898746,-0.0423914104948979,-0.0414372349043811,-0.0411027059877436,-0.0407348502977221,-0.0401554967971121,-0.0391113523538649,-0.0386563049285759,-0.0379497598011524,-0.0375511791170602,-0.0375339075797831,-0.0374683741169156,-0.0373788554250846,-0.0372655623874342,-0.0371701629058197,-0.0371567292037753,-0.0377626801075587,-0.0367850118587683,-0.0358728340855019,-0.035149757809608,-0.0345371960603436,-0.034070013467758,-0.0338843762752997,-0.0337793886970375,-0.0336534107791605,-0.0334264491677781,-0.0333877000219078,-0.0332630690185987,-0.033173173623215,-0.0330625518686994,-0.0329204108913928,-0.0319949180916163,-0.0315140268142501,-0.0310650464113901,-0.0309507582246979,-0.03051672718009,-0.0299258041100434,-0.0296521695060485,-0.029474780687862,-0.0293862278867555,-0.0291557254777019,-0.0290162525281695,-0.0290069802767257,-0.0287174837199035,-0.0283869753496574,-0.0278432677146857,-0.0273778430845133,-0.0270511094318777,-0.026506655205091,-0.0258581688584779,-0.0257628235796505,-0.025707673987125,-0.0256595743246659,-0.0256127249975469,-0.0255429655440688,-0.0255056093101388,-0.0253485639507192,-0.0238635092354698,-0.0230707351730638,-0.0230835885046009,-0.0230098573863434,-0.0227529863936484,-0.0225534876997365,-0.0223716720543015,-0.0223550404213382,-0.0222974332767819,-0.0214567867704041,-0.0203520987952522,-0.0198933904696857,-0.0192281714248171,-0.0185558279202014,-0.017784367644796,-0.017421052321568,-0.017050531994022,-0.0168233082684128,-0.016764955636411,-0.0165715766344541,-0.0165681958066512,-0.0165402863723021,-0.0165020939200255,-0.0164548203813701,-0.0163123314194165,-0.0160925865784974,-0.0161142961911571,-0.0161958669539343,-0.0162079428004263,-0.0163420711274287,-0.0164365753926709,-0.0165153247784009,-0.0166349903755701,-0.0167872134540903,-0.0170046649489548,-0.0172338395873434,-0.0174612210494867,-0.0176226652918501,-0.0177517069994284,-0.0178018852028367,-0.0177694743347328,-0.0178119504561301,-0.0178795761889421,-0.0179459911500074,-0.0181067389320155,-0.0183110281969801,-0.0186465675619923,-0.0188104635086122,-0.0189163675714606,-0.0190286288625147,-0.0191478316905776,-0.0192343089363414,-0.0194270288770765,-0.0194964315733657,-0.0195009105005287,-0.0195085444260672,-0.0196717700186449,-0.0197678895984699,-0.0199035387458571,-0.0200049925816294,-0.0202027578705953,-0.0205586029602439,-0.0206000801055894,-0.0208253022076937,-0.0210899764782705,-0.021245955091998,-0.0212641850691437,-0.0212424188074996,-0.0212206124802305,-0.0211750548069302,-0.0211704263018731,-0.0209752895473749,-0.0208678485736474,-0.0205987158661691,-0.0204395190732293,-0.0201424669856484,-0.0199178157431013,-0.019705005254502,-0.0195555948233036,-0.0193462983355822,-0.0191641073743943,-0.0190830064581858,-0.0190371052477223,-0.0190315170130963,-0.0190033744943493,-0.0189632735726708,-0.0188763250484639,-0.0186680804602877,-0.0183760389003951,-0.0181905382238606,-0.0181260207089915,-0.0179879580677601,-0.0179868295393146,-0.0179729853621597,-0.0180109603842472,-0.0180416498340237,-0.0181783889100516,-0.0182373213929252,-0.018232547056418,-0.0181974318936768,-0.0180333924994301,-0.017779026116678,-0.0175466011446638,-0.0174522611933346,-0.0174439681010646,-0.0171844587783443,-0.0168589899902874,-0.0164721147109567,-0.0155124074087377,-0.0149589209773634,-0.0145788643174785,-0.0142805448063547,-0.0141753137527626,-0.0140835187132416,-0.0140674035528755,-0.0140482114844531,-0.0139661827138503,-0.0136473398338302,-0.0131746647060738,-0.0126758500236176,-0.0118751204417922,-0.0111785143416858,-0.0109286286724293,-0.01078660680271,-0.0106362635656063,-0.0105687440733577,-0.0104872366865416,-0.0104313306214251,-0.0103536799031393,-0.0102124935728949,-0.0100517477828134,-0.00943424102672676,-0.00893301179766897,-0.00872649478249836,-0.00858620778283095,-0.00845861445134184,-0.00836870288403433,-0.00822921341698215,-0.00804441069294165,-0.00776020962792085,-0.00763698020535915,-0.0075245807747193,-0.00746846448895908,-0.00750556431318685,-0.0075490208455047,-0.00769360086044019,-0.00778971826188052,-0.00782726156865512,-0.00789688171769511,-0.0079810562048484,-0.00808203849076723,-0.00811129583047556,-0.00815326092940677,-0.00814330816508978,-0.00811277570410499,-0.00785701524549015,-0.00786258436007955,-0.00790356609557779,-0.0080700428594067,-0.00833980149497804,-0.00839629673221156,-0.00849193885275929,-0.00851783913920303,-0.00858591390683806,-0.0093168009830305,-0.00926692323980065,-0.00916265377178553,-0.00909536528826308,-0.00904329429559126,-0.00912407407061178,-0.00914882507401085,-0.00918787060211997,-0.00915850261218123,-0.009159011416961,-0.00919667627601488,-0.00911869972341189,-0.00904580909866656,-0.00864290990602892,-0.00797662824449941,-0.00755082076887368,-0.00736972363891892,-0.00705020384314636,-0.00695147127315187,-0.00666606417153401,-0.00655372614382306,-0.00648699624664033,-0.00641544714798028,-0.00630356566156483,-0.00627971593390169,-0.00627939779296399,-0.00630246153924096,-0.00629942713095658,-0.00626749710169292,-0.00622666685127778,-0.00616964068781902,-0.00613166787820533,-0.00602991556156972,-0.00587572573561737,-0.00583906402279124,-0.00574993712178386,-0.0056562148357522,-0.00549067627603032,-0.00531843475600206,-0.00514197791555786,-0.00484997385116636,-0.00431546933774774,-0.00405429624449273,-0.00347225584767049,-0.00343607758029388,-0.00338230131742591,-0.00330820359657122,-0.00323157885456952,-0.00314810623093155,-0.00303310413771719,-0.00289381336421339,-0.00277523703969998,-0.00267749321146965,-0.00259166496284724,-0.00219232826159079,-0.00221978715010053,-0.00105015468608735,-0.000661100051820315,-0.00059581580802014,-0.000129321791032673,6.02480564742555e-05,0.000251336215383225,0.000794328933396297,0.00185736975323118,0.00247626846344522,0.00274354404158497,0.00327156472673613,0.00330611117062313,0.00339410507163174,0.00349508111489114,0.00357721571600253,0.00361446546851397,0.00362638487078503,0.00359302745891281,0.00344489536060774,0.00332761672413649,0.0032853786431381,0.00318857901817716,0.00315768630943584,0.00274081508040952,0.00270499001681219,0.00264762335347074,0.00261041900868837,0.00255465710808722,0.0025508016336574,0.00265080524343454,0.00186874730182931,0.00177399877927152,0.00175373299232171,0.00173112948624537,0.00163427182194462,0.00139657884250277,0.0013841009088112,0.00168677655637834,0.00175521798155839,0.00187840377563824,0.00208059552131546,0.00217378822288758,0.0022022349493333,0.00248804139133004,0.00299094171087202,0.00360168523503972,0.00367832386988901,0.0037523189810732,0.00382962799648124,0.0041085445452373,0.00430650285116265,0.00439551004987325,0.00443900754706067,0.00451830902780936,0.00459774917494576,0.00468001035478561,0.00478318193100085,0.00480383620634675,0.00491598551123823,0.00494906823505822,0.00502931945968259,0.00512432786051398,0.00513381768469187,0.00526266451078045,0.00529746578759538,0.00533654825837342,0.00538508057004063,0.00544904084604462,0.00549707994669126,0.00557822365862593,0.00564954261843071,0.00570647931090627,0.00581321075986631,0.0059881831601711,0.00604665848347719,0.0061659763426332,0.00626278362744611,0.0064127982679321,0.00662759957129394,0.00673819504584893,0.00681010329815712,0.006877453962142,0.00695129436590359,0.00703026324414462,0.00710027491925782,0.00721496395922405,0.00734307319466855,0.00735474876550554,0.00735716588367079,0.00718428786644329,0.00679292869269355,0.00654476254349,0.00610939354036255,0.00584985924754046,0.00570289143811117,0.00564365058031604,0.00557480220888662,0.00554162048172404,0.00553883862667391,0.00555943176910191,0.00559945576432419,0.00570560202365268,0.00609253341003948,0.00638404948504486,0.00638063343578701,0.00720392685984135,0.00724628315826376,0.00813693683423268,0.00873090207468709,0.00882700459472529,0.00888606198862121,0.00893075874426432,0.00902752709671382,0.00907231953834701,0.00911251512497881,0.00918507341264158,0.00920009990472575,0.00920613059837523,0.00920255575444604,0.00918730286818039,0.00915725480854464,0.00908850218854704,0.00904598576158049,0.00899064517887741,0.0090398132251822,0.00906225408153552,0.00875668806738981,0.00867845595388799,0.0081933565012678,0.00705514518943598,0.00694016572867863,0.0068116129442826,0.00617102552200621,0.00613693959452486,0.00617655192287085,0.00583407277697322,0.00575723811082626,0.00571212496188809,0.00561440324544135,0.00391683022424925,0.00392183945574076,0.00370011927471367,0.00367844045868311,0.00348711028686999,0.00347359851161445,0.0034294922581134,0.00339905546082655,0.00336169467329773,0.00326503698616493,0.00323450035393657,0.00322664875428797,0.00322743708096891,0.00324576021079239,0.00323997925917876,0.00321968012534969,0.00319314800085412,0.00316190171985958,0.00310154023478695,0.00305958335215165,0.00299040600092019,0.0029556126828053,0.00285631401303981,0.00274324609310226,0.00141228953751587,0.00113473185725486,-0.00133686768261484,-0.00171369865633334,-0.00174307309072733,-0.00207310648738974,-0.00205974342620989,-0.00212899434362388,-0.00224881562027447,-0.00233406306457458,-0.00242071102660503,-0.00248413377689821,-0.00259408196982481,-0.00279455408458512,-0.00283021342768854,-0.00280897037711743,-0.00282731083956308,-0.00319505341635923,-0.00339628070791801,-0.00337872776711262,-0.00370821513152926,-0.0041289253306491,-0.00480763379481526,-0.00524078958045959,-0.00535854475832822,-0.00554184711908163,-0.00565939725134791,-0.00574920506888112,-0.00563419359631534,-0.00569259805382592,-0.00552023865422942,-0.00583895331695266,-0.00600953387154628,-0.00617995643653678,-0.00640116567623105,-0.00652394143386051,-0.00656539507351511,-0.00667784463648047,-0.00670692754773766,-0.00672733201428577,-0.00672151628993904,-0.00668359230998752,-0.00661469744957593,-0.0065870768186328,-0.00661930268569442,-0.00692260708810013,-0.00701017873166163,-0.00714810504887671,-0.00733844848014525,-0.00736750146497984,-0.007403599715952,-0.0074745485852253,-0.00751839372447862,-0.00764015705516507,-0.00768187405788725,-0.00848225091030702,-0.00888363816311896,-0.00898592101396124,-0.00898414748721032,-0.00894225590572956,-0.00890522269541034,-0.00848508114948648,-0.00780119981548231,-0.00779724518589224,-0.00775016593801807,-0.00783185053741609,-0.00777020011779611,-0.00766055445893911,-0.0076531700939693,-0.00765442420794803,-0.00779541188518804,-0.0078302502546208,-0.00783399186351346,-0.00782505010527007,-0.00780595179582721,-0.00776790175512114,-0.0076447792192689,-0.00760303120061576,-0.0074253359119668,-0.00736754694255012,-0.00733807907592556,-0.00729302044239999,-0.00700518945126999,-0.00692746512144418,-0.00642621441436921,-0.00632585366655785,-0.00565705628004331,-0.00616707709278319,-0.00615562209747293,-0.00621601839129994,-0.00617386112349945,-0.00599529972193948,-0.0058806204612469,-0.00571607787829944,-0.00561088941381999,-0.00539500364460788,-0.00516753899178057,-0.0050089055267863,-0.00477225469655117,-0.00422507886694044,-0.00369988018134978,-0.0032704131995847,-0.00324551158717997,-0.0031720997554962,-0.00310945934323953,-0.00304954513977758,-0.00305394322828535,-0.00304504634024398,-0.00314340474691253,-0.00320316906868891,-0.00325364145247722,-0.00336149430231979,-0.00361488281350598,-0.00369230874533282,-0.00381351826711487,-0.00386298064670333,-0.00407649158976003,-0.00430881734913144,-0.00444583071173354,-0.00450657137989052,-0.00518207880057236,-0.00519530779344749,-0.00532488743804989,-0.00466873234349848,-0.00502403806770527,-0.00524446419442612,-0.00539772595768836,-0.00555798786815943,-0.00621770254089805,-0.00634734371054773,-0.00652639232605562,-0.00725336955123211,-0.00796002278614001,-0.00821974731393518,-0.00845266260084746,-0.00859940450960726,-0.00983891567057277,-0.00994040839284071,-0.010287644857845,-0.0102326394651475,-0.0110631544712786,-0.0116529738344137,-0.0123593436005193,-0.012983312786495,-0.0130287003937921,-0.0132002125969991,-0.0132028297749598,-0.0132031032109396,-0.013804382403232,-0.0138187364375711,-0.0138959905148512,-0.0139320513349858,-0.0139932442009269,-0.0140540129006616,-0.014813147790921,-0.0151666324995362,-0.015353352599997,-0.0164066833743212,-0.0165410430876496,-0.0166978861022953,-0.0168870928903231,-0.0178658979577297,-0.0182031628520952,-0.0184143131629852,-0.0186095144112785,-0.0186394286994893,-0.0188287173017525,-0.0191344738977091,-0.0207686188266965,-0.0213979666103853,-0.0217068076071686,-0.0227225475930495,-0.0229736665997847,-0.0234323002515389,-0.0235972916735066,-0.0238724222673209,-0.0241555312840985,-0.0244298510316427,-0.0249526273231223,-0.0254567480102748,-0.0255632764458435,-0.025698988838789,-0.0258822528773772,-0.0261375062516144,-0.0263974387304658,-0.0265607591828269,-0.0266099499181528,-0.0266190175260145,-0.0267653347358881,-0.0271241625246485,-0.0274181766687405,-0.0274086470382089,-0.0274249561625028,-0.0274218442713454,-0.0268254565191647,-0.0255149829659077,-0.0255690018499565,-0.0255770956692699,-0.026812251265453,-0.0269156291249124,-0.02711596704874,-0.0277105603841391,-0.0277791604701747,-0.0278121589731381,-0.0278367184449229,-0.0278784340322692,-0.027884990725299,-0.0278800306056337,-0.0278211169738321,-0.0276964446443947,-0.0275946987982572,-0.0274855570689318,-0.0274800048107892,-0.0274812450225368,-0.0275087879094485,-0.0275159768960742,-0.027468978304417,-0.027750077784934,-0.0277493924503646,-0.0277646263053443,-0.0274636790627328,-0.0274705988563871,-0.0274290870072489,-0.0273948269852376,-0.0273159277937581,-0.0273144879592304,-0.0269970723839157,-0.0268935614590756,-0.0265949670596337,-0.0264438982998021,-0.0262972656428383,-0.0261717230078734,-0.0260887549168141,-0.0259297463221542,-0.0258593487058484,-0.0258319583160567,-0.0257960840353765,-0.0261970704798041,-0.0263766262034217,-0.0268049362228011,-0.0268766578165483,-0.0269064680278637,-0.0269276002324854,-0.0269603326953024,-0.0269566063428666,-0.0270529650277934,-0.027221402915244,-0.0273458887351037,-0.0275973014155431,-0.0275672269373575,-0.027649947121442,-0.0277494812948907,-0.0278504950301402,-0.0280903811494131,-0.0276746030532046,-0.0277666288556808,-0.0281437288406487,-0.0283761780021999,-0.0287588701490028,-0.0288102044676489,-0.0288592844201241,-0.0288713520633681,-0.0288732236413618,-0.028859216855641,-0.0288146605668449,-0.0279362749841574,-0.0279508342122244,-0.0280147492294436,-0.0280218326948984,-0.0289932312811623,-0.0290795904896863,-0.0297372528029268,-0.0296736663608986,-0.0300234421219953,-0.0304144200218413,-0.0315550507100256,-0.0315667713989595,-0.0312729398857067,-0.0308092789819041,-0.0303360884106152,-0.0298767962861861,-0.0299132351613968,-0.0300515121983981,-0.0304791801303884,-0.0308943116310044,-0.0310995194132502,-0.0312235104300756,-0.0312948466967759,-0.0315016231944613,-0.0314639931865393,-0.0315674287129605,-0.0315980177799864,-0.0316254944064105,-0.0318707314489237,-0.0322040813612604,-0.0325294883133629,-0.0326630545477252,-0.0330417664416609,-0.0330319731679868,-0.0332479166504736,-0.0331586669814077,-0.0333169631533381,-0.0333915881867094,-0.0347103668268869,-0.0351310441118621,-0.0355393715076657,-0.0359298781972221,-0.0359713794250499,-0.0359676610417019,-0.0361270159448436,-0.0361456208582545,-0.0364056690855027,-0.0374768210862945,-0.037460450911884,-0.0374350429163744,-0.037427031583477,-0.037429023494695,-0.0374427290628077,-0.0374651909195417,-0.0374807999924724,-0.037496409069309,-0.0375336578370993,-0.0375683353978229,-0.0376672528593171,-0.0377156246438823,-0.0377753624902026,-0.0378390730082518,-0.0378965599224501,-0.0379607066778418,-0.0380606738375488,-0.0380932666596293,-0.0382845765192463,-0.0387335059151573,-0.0390975751035683,-0.0396209144879694,-0.0397411095831999,-0.0407260739879189,-0.0412783334168328,-0.0414442513654449,-0.0415641960887993,-0.041658033079313,-0.0417491825500698,-0.0415998290498247,-0.0421252132345421,-0.0429412472634341,-0.0438381395438181,-0.0438013655605944,-0.0439250964919808,-0.0439903551636168,-0.0450454584263116,-0.0450504376110769,-0.0454449835070957,-0.0454418215240184,-0.0457024009751613,-0.0467169330204509,-0.0468868731486395,-0.0478276218789008,-0.0480986787263528,-0.0484023561721399,-0.0486884244645342,-0.0488104047656476,-0.0489310215177516,-0.0491198371980856,-0.0491934323501403,-0.0495393670401587,-0.0496757096618281,-0.0497095959817282,-0.0497272782948578,-0.0497305420972948,-0.0495872299853267,-0.0494132352797319,-0.0493296341688267,-0.049398733813951,-0.0494765132512096,-0.0495347280390157,-0.0495955541932141,-0.0496863137064818,-0.049808620376765,-0.0507550898942721,-0.0508023032256292,-0.0514221560752793,-0.0513572368249422,-0.0518445473891015,-0.0523513602993249,-0.0524268744040229,-0.0525646623152061,-0.0527130245606258,-0.0530485185543298,-0.0529101370567218,-0.0538430953116842,-0.054010008451613,-0.0542025624190529,-0.0540528137935514,-0.0547528545603013,-0.054857725994085,-0.0553113937563664,-0.0553695056303844,-0.0563161691107266,-0.0564379884878895,-0.0569487457868653,-0.0573536353909069,-0.0578613015721647,-0.0582565150378364,-0.0583025796154597,-0.0584515104120578,-0.0584940424610767,-0.0587462240228291,-0.0587901347198002,-0.0588379181146534,-0.0593556208398096,-0.0593613803554587,-0.0597543634546082,-0.0598828179877282,-0.060287385740284,-0.0603932600665603,-0.0605510744030316,-0.0606414815750322,-0.0608315456953509,-0.0611092899647184,-0.0613930514745814,-0.0613959312379979,-0.0618375666148259,-0.062302708702604,-0.0623180311509193,-0.0626337391112797,-0.062773925143365,-0.0628194514687115,-0.0628190156389042,-0.062876154129999,-0.0629348849804684,-0.0629912859191306,-0.0630502915842816,-0.0630896259470115,-0.0631315733464126,-0.0631732540147398,-0.0634241605897958,-0.0634285710129865,-0.0644712984083288,-0.0648147757510269,-0.0651511690817842,-0.0652212496345052,-0.0659323081290914,-0.0660247613807036,-0.0668099368080646,-0.0668879696935969,-0.0676168099388753,-0.0680063767164443,-0.068019099198417,-0.0680603588777917,-0.0680606965493058,-0.0680416643905809,-0.0680238484923183,-0.0679348670214013,-0.0678629320474099,-0.0679760328887808,-0.068048875568493,-0.0681380427687785,-0.0681278578366477,-0.0681911817920393,-0.0683035735535436,-0.0684580103343508,-0.068976639937593,-0.0699735840555047,-0.0700175012567486,-0.0700297394195564,-0.0701381481871533,-0.0707785721518378,-0.0711647009395228,-0.0712837234738273,-0.0713196449830621,-0.0712408175111141,-0.0712937532645605,-0.0712445959006985,-0.071402499223542,-0.0714196652490252,-0.0715691693496784,-0.0718755790020437,-0.0719884289305143,-0.0720430724966346,-0.0721018842994232,-0.072293401101616,-0.0722835841315734,-0.0724058302830356,-0.0724887083779253,-0.0725244816221627,-0.0726538918155184,-0.0726905720718476,-0.0726425195691015,-0.0733993453627405,-0.0734575900783778,-0.0735999978233313,-0.0736996613313785,-0.0745969335888284,-0.0745018572768899,-0.0748859624119128,-0.0753004607870471,-0.0754962661340019,-0.0756904424877725,-0.0761798297648967,-0.0772274612522625,-0.0776946072394042,-0.0778654041450743,-0.0781203344651409,-0.0785813460853838,-0.0788570926115041,-0.0790604529526717,-0.0791859679821384,-0.0791906282897162,-0.079222007069388,-0.0792947316488694,-0.0793104588477768,-0.0793794679952908],"lat":[51.5078427881949,51.5079069714204,51.5078936146488,51.5082204411849,51.5083320635111,51.5084128702943,51.508651891623,51.508809749873,51.5088274867445,51.5088322394427,51.5088502100339,51.508938538362,51.5090547323129,51.5090575933379,51.5091161251601,51.5091218990039,51.5094119494182,51.5094405772849,51.5094436999649,51.5095118313649,51.5096558064162,51.5098813253737,51.5100254689544,51.5101143450445,51.5101720298174,51.5102034012611,51.5102133847822,51.5102595472193,51.5103396440675,51.5104701590952,51.5105043545645,51.5105258111104,51.5105438128699,51.5104537365149,51.5104565288891,51.5104570731789,51.5101061330022,51.5101281779399,51.5100813306568,51.5098859010389,51.5098561522532,51.5098533618262,51.5098048361416,51.509787431219,51.5097499490825,51.5097550573447,51.509801078849,51.5099939360693,51.509966103136,51.5099457899225,51.5100086475849,51.5100502923197,51.5100934975167,51.5101081583439,51.5101073044956,51.5101048437438,51.5101476464541,51.5102398740824,51.5102983321305,51.5103600303564,51.5106404283698,51.5108043350431,51.5108727970101,51.5110841426681,51.511253773017,51.5114419197144,51.5116821162591,51.5118083275067,51.5123402025033,51.5129447490413,51.5133711999642,51.5133766390943,51.5136758618066,51.5141310927564,51.5144535385221,51.5146874915205,51.514790432457,51.5150995856068,51.5153541339664,51.5162574355087,51.5165919805395,51.516636675022,51.5166585729403,51.5167069091844,51.5173959628866,51.5174459545772,51.5178653509131,51.5179739664104,51.518036798608,51.5181080726064,51.518250123111,51.5184689115946,51.5184852794041,51.5189678458729,51.5189449932938,51.5188451312934,51.5194515324032,51.5201139764975,51.5206519814618,51.5206565218358,51.5207387245977,51.5210395577889,51.5215101211485,51.5215430875368,51.5218533842309,51.5219417677387,51.5221140429224,51.522211577314,51.5220121087994,51.5221516144073,51.5222006849707,51.5223782612154,51.5225516513875,51.5228953812262,51.5229687148675,51.5230393762271,51.523178026654,51.5234848636576,51.5235872371821,51.5238561648567,51.5243215614823,51.5242870510023,51.5253312154003,51.5257311544497,51.5259923965263,51.5261562788792,51.5262740473562,51.5263881740445,51.5265106974581,51.5268719042175,51.5271463903968,51.5272966574217,51.5275029018534,51.5278753479424,51.5281229496151,51.5283931349778,51.5284355603784,51.5285993495571,51.5288053506811,51.5294159031964,51.5297916507703,51.530012832619,51.5301425899539,51.5302133686034,51.5303401924706,51.5305691484946,51.5306463568904,51.5306900094865,51.5308396933708,51.5308763880332,51.5309228259722,51.5309576014951,51.5310027233735,51.5310267502796,51.5310309566319,51.5310931793254,51.5311403164423,51.5312264238283,51.5315038785739,51.5320171892734,51.5324614235818,51.5329364481649,51.533217819952,51.5331759602014,51.5329004480694,51.5330789313429,51.533184319631,51.5332472490644,51.5333896901134,51.5336123764336,51.5337896077035,51.5340986570764,51.5342341649652,51.5346348209058,51.5349911291906,51.5350999526186,51.5353000971393,51.5355163158341,51.5354570608282,51.5352868926876,51.5350147561677,51.5346798750467,51.5344472413325,51.5344287923958,51.5343275546951,51.5342892101198,51.534231511038,51.5341565810411,51.5341240834398,51.5340943623017,51.5340886243575,51.534111379385,51.5342014842621,51.5343417099112,51.5344263309917,51.5346053452161,51.5348183684188,51.5349834837841,51.5350427330658,51.53508475,51.5350846305599,51.5350879861688,51.5351109644898,51.5351215529389,51.5351584640169,51.5351766426287,51.5351626230721,51.5351345260386,51.5350821934946,51.5349721942493,51.5349287428114,51.5351702088631,51.5355309659607,51.5357194643617,51.5359141946541,51.5360844598843,51.5362203855237,51.5362697403268,51.5363300112305,51.5363846508329,51.5364568481158,51.5364705811898,51.536475208153,51.5364726220063,51.5364639848004,51.5364522798469,51.5363973228883,51.5363313058515,51.536311189033,51.5361990898524,51.5359910413549,51.5357789661458,51.5357373057991,51.53569630431,51.5356520794926,51.535619440704,51.5356005687825,51.5355910186339,51.5355842236424,51.5355292247754,51.5355062285625,51.5354962332053,51.5354905017896,51.5356034306508,51.5357917598727,51.535807752904,51.535832636001,51.5358699315665,51.5359057420806,51.5361410226031,51.5364241930422,51.5364839389614,51.5364984079771,51.536461689261,51.5365012712376,51.537000354159,51.5374610342336,51.5377629950051,51.5381021670933,51.5386985898678,51.5396406502162,51.5400952620416,51.5407641859153,51.5411459986919,51.5412122549228,51.5412606178441,51.5413301616686,51.5413489491524,51.5414210922039,51.5414316585383,51.5417943052892,51.5424622839144,51.5430153466091,51.5433629416213,51.5436557305349,51.5440552666964,51.5442131229897,51.5443066848432,51.5444187792136,51.5445984235971,51.5446274495667,51.5446748194543,51.5446859019606,51.5446759539318,51.5446277084138,51.5440834218525,51.5437974824056,51.5435408528285,51.543482281238,51.5433805730714,51.5432384597119,51.5431295499747,51.543029450388,51.542875988002,51.5425699644614,51.5422933469519,51.5422743067073,51.5423323905582,51.5424050718468,51.5425389149372,51.5426632807869,51.5427486114475,51.5428995217669,51.5431215190115,51.5431585826621,51.5431999197586,51.5432449725203,51.5433610878566,51.5433401300378,51.5432702582601,51.5432334429965,51.5433244408274,51.5433479533334,51.5433841403549,51.543388293384,51.5433920575178,51.5434030830188,51.5434054136777,51.5434231185111,51.5434877933666,51.5435176819932,51.5435835758778,51.5435857260583,51.5435942796078,51.543567637871,51.5434655781213,51.54342976296,51.5433938248803,51.5433459200105,51.5433943928919,51.5433641456641,51.5433092335672,51.5431882606767,51.5430716102168,51.5429979707362,51.5428256009804,51.5425395168656,51.5424382674702,51.5423533178309,51.542340932383,51.5421417659561,51.5417593793117,51.5415071191106,51.5413751524195,51.5412572249495,51.5411979526646,51.5411343818188,51.5410788735763,51.5410141572993,51.5409318073099,51.5408058593371,51.5405229435786,51.5403087378231,51.54017948758,51.5400780939471,51.5399297339323,51.5397749151682,51.5395863425197,51.539465012572,51.5393507963975,51.5391233805346,51.5387692859028,51.5385378373962,51.5382839025911,51.5382464061056,51.538242884678,51.5382331216855,51.5381270666822,51.5380720358316,51.5380032839758,51.5379582348512,51.5378869340444,51.5377283743379,51.5377029956421,51.5375638132216,51.5373461609173,51.5371410627302,51.537019969936,51.5369233817899,51.5368609649009,51.5366812433409,51.5365219959605,51.5363001834208,51.5362174371967,51.5361391566703,51.5360861115987,51.5359866758358,51.5358138227235,51.5356339749643,51.5354551972111,51.5351944745191,51.534940503984,51.5347493901433,51.534611027886,51.5343744275711,51.5342255740465,51.534119683139,51.5340300869922,51.5338781914693,51.5336970028447,51.5335526847658,51.5334778552075,51.5332704906451,51.5332632774771,51.5330840903268,51.5330064961485,51.5329638500946,51.5327701211928,51.5326083503472,51.5324526972727,51.5323648755382,51.5322245167843,51.5319729213734,51.53158141123,51.5314961853376,51.531487951806,51.5313216980727,51.5311471345063,51.5309922146929,51.5306486503101,51.5305124888557,51.5303999434694,51.5302645004723,51.5301646992832,51.5300543343149,51.5300270835746,51.5300042770539,51.5299345441905,51.5298401181649,51.5297026188402,51.5296357165419,51.5295493069831,51.5294556648013,51.5294001695777,51.5293177266632,51.5291946755666,51.5290568422963,51.5288099607901,51.5286372531107,51.5285334198829,51.5283988330969,51.5283160716211,51.5279629742122,51.527720658304,51.5275966511093,51.5274746672663,51.527227001756,51.5270078531205,51.5268346242874,51.5266426404596,51.5264489680845,51.5263326683564,51.5261994664342,51.5259988764066,51.5257764889854,51.5256396396804,51.5254649404076,51.5253766465169,51.5253422128554,51.5252004122086,51.5249563425168,51.5241289353127,51.523821883576,51.523586988822,51.523418657254,51.5233255144486,51.523009125759,51.5228815247073,51.5228012869024,51.5227852297096,51.5227808180289,51.5225101992912,51.522168304007,51.5220041782587,51.521798503112,51.521797421311,51.5215528739199,51.5214647746732,51.521388094245,51.5211938683542,51.5209281577888,51.5208233638848,51.5204238536075,51.5200726416597,51.5199287678451,51.519858365201,51.519729345946,51.5196489732985,51.5194676758976,51.5191452156832,51.5189275547525,51.5188165662777,51.5185746304937,51.5184920188498,51.5182281800063,51.5180940786255,51.5180048163737,51.5178938897833,51.5176833582982,51.5175363725244,51.517444641983,51.5172795690901,51.5170520031969,51.5168590174777,51.516737821734,51.5166244440389,51.5165698425272,51.516457502924,51.516357760663,51.5163391519918,51.5163007666331,51.5162685979277,51.516230711543,51.516214293315,51.5162283781906,51.5162809642383,51.5164076596449,51.5167440372504,51.5175290821462,51.5175653362037,51.5176084848009,51.5176548844837,51.5176931477007,51.5177232008818,51.517749120104,51.5177701293028,51.5177789013505,51.5177727405204,51.5177577898713,51.5176277888417,51.5175931851734,51.5169833374104,51.5167833635118,51.516793041798,51.5165512789192,51.5164698100885,51.5163901135854,51.5161839122142,51.5158402377586,51.5155904672921,51.5154734951283,51.5151236549775,51.5150897919951,51.5149929665751,51.5148635456835,51.5147317487736,51.5146609695411,51.5145384655153,51.5144023467026,51.5140811408823,51.5138718163175,51.5138617465832,51.5136592662169,51.5136121326798,51.5134726714644,51.5134445066584,51.5133852353123,51.5133256196614,51.5131386248574,51.5129192693688,51.512866303513,51.5117276931893,51.5114073725615,51.5112080810052,51.5111527122002,51.5111129990207,51.5111152570294,51.5109949680792,51.5109628244266,51.510847449239,51.5106987659168,51.5105442374153,51.5105003808688,51.5104918018101,51.5104365630865,51.5103695226994,51.510362687281,51.5103685720895,51.5103798976232,51.510401058439,51.5104844207797,51.5105619719378,51.5106198024571,51.5106586268382,51.5107579894888,51.5108276738637,51.5109287843537,51.5112435631824,51.5112872742555,51.511445426825,51.5115096085727,51.5116961836599,51.5119562463786,51.5121395348351,51.5128747317148,51.5130108254202,51.5131459466433,51.5132665179808,51.5134102064553,51.5134867220467,51.5135950451609,51.5136765581954,51.5137259435016,51.513793361798,51.51387220257,51.5138909862837,51.5139168226473,51.5139223608031,51.5139251900984,51.5138936378292,51.51385217774,51.5138158758741,51.5137742563426,51.51371633889,51.5136439453348,51.5135645108691,51.5133539178376,51.5128912998602,51.5128290505085,51.5126545510794,51.5121970845247,51.5116543288272,51.5112215305564,51.5108575807197,51.5105922393849,51.5104616612115,51.5103925314041,51.510268710491,51.5101694591311,51.5101389315752,51.5100171781697,51.5099112792986,51.5097359051803,51.509522455355,51.5094662101192,51.5093556585148,51.5092012847125,51.5092796954253,51.509116967964,51.5089584165372,51.5089154040584,51.5088820187618,51.5088497787014,51.5087563955805,51.5086935786756,51.5086245456195,51.5084722253495,51.5084207095709,51.5083612544868,51.5083127551973,51.5082608589018,51.5082002233835,51.5081114743123,51.5080294699047,51.5079180092841,51.5078236429996,51.5077441228716,51.5073168086923,51.5073073574462,51.5074505555949,51.5077506125265,51.5077903495331,51.5077835567078,51.5079959529027,51.5080073272144,51.5081217560012,51.50819865636,51.5080569867492,51.5080469670832,51.5080531346784,51.5083159636338,51.5083644385396,51.5083691261847,51.5083676980359,51.5080139572013,51.508001598271,51.5079816685749,51.5079776921832,51.5079801289424,51.5080105566502,51.508037157049,51.5080552765345,51.5080732484381,51.5081295893658,51.5081620617773,51.508192084373,51.5082114222097,51.5082218478774,51.5082255766882,51.5082217969731,51.5081888062953,51.5081183583312,51.5080885798197,51.5080734246605,51.5079882339526,51.5079354172226,51.507470378198,51.5074210451155,51.5074413295255,51.5073417381622,51.5072848566268,51.507250065672,51.5071792661563,51.5071411505058,51.5071039579173,51.5071365125739,51.5071266947588,51.5070239953816,51.5069994231584,51.5068920485148,51.5068680806187,51.5066639139647,51.5066097868942,51.5065168634646,51.5062976556276,51.5059693894761,51.5054746505893,51.5051250098129,51.5050352873925,51.505127432458,51.505174394953,51.5050976858875,51.5050255871563,51.5049420492048,51.5048303065867,51.5045272777222,51.5043826983077,51.5042417130336,51.5040925982079,51.5039867731611,51.503961399045,51.5038940668266,51.5038549933731,51.5038166716732,51.5037518255402,51.5036963256007,51.5036241123885,51.5035966648547,51.5035846228824,51.50346927615,51.503311594022,51.5031556668087,51.5027560292522,51.5026845814837,51.5024846581063,51.5022124861566,51.5020001046094,51.5016199844745,51.5014894000892,51.5013411268587,51.5013551368126,51.5012894283297,51.501230945806,51.5011672858069,51.5011243914428,51.5011109623271,51.5008016886813,51.5006280627547,51.5004851785841,51.5004622860326,51.5001249124035,51.5000951723121,51.5000662702722,51.5000375149963,51.5000093351163,51.4999703591584,51.4999506388207,51.4999244081391,51.4998998034507,51.4998802724056,51.4998952667517,51.49963017259,51.4987161945468,51.4984885969495,51.4984044642525,51.4982813980694,51.4983070817554,51.4980081028821,51.4969816103297,51.4969043655244,51.4958552367656,51.4957227244653,51.4956550845226,51.4956246370105,51.4955672662775,51.4955984023108,51.4954201954723,51.4951961770506,51.4950316203695,51.4946637444181,51.4946931480702,51.4944989050029,51.4945407413711,51.4937760435929,51.4928714311381,51.4921500987548,51.4919617273283,51.4917626378504,51.4914818981863,51.49090804288,51.4908073995373,51.4906813502158,51.4901776354612,51.4899637276436,51.4898305958769,51.4896040177918,51.4891784810043,51.4889558809232,51.4888851035613,51.4888409820851,51.488602712916,51.4883953387757,51.4882924560186,51.4882539218362,51.4885522829029,51.4885462130671,51.4884485984505,51.488102906193,51.4878499619884,51.4877170229874,51.487637796572,51.4875631853766,51.4872659551062,51.4871998148765,51.487123723251,51.4869022701381,51.4867173373417,51.4866408151744,51.4865845203022,51.4865555381224,51.4863391754507,51.486489277542,51.4864538039031,51.4862945990266,51.4861755975892,51.4861262490735,51.4860464996399,51.4860067160221,51.486056045705,51.4860535563499,51.4859933496433,51.4859870593904,51.4860053394533,51.4860064818654,51.486018581673,51.4860173939363,51.4860013442845,51.485961906414,51.4859936460138,51.4860131191679,51.4860252723993,51.4861483106254,51.4861721659423,51.4862089911621,51.4862634496434,51.4864112930316,51.4864727484428,51.4865194818941,51.4865686432628,51.4865763428987,51.4866290010633,51.4867195972683,51.4872678686015,51.4874700340759,51.4876227250426,51.4881497425282,51.4883050537994,51.4886248316224,51.4887400211603,51.488939799287,51.4891549987363,51.4893736464683,51.4898096050478,51.4903441664754,51.4904457789321,51.4906054357654,51.4908648123845,51.4912584920573,51.491710702236,51.4920317914553,51.4921603152036,51.4921838487423,51.4924650837445,51.493096111822,51.4936936748169,51.4937141976446,51.4937702265262,51.4937755697788,51.4939417922611,51.493930525053,51.4941139857803,51.4941267117954,51.4941475021313,51.4941555364799,51.4941867844609,51.4942624330205,51.4943085501265,51.4943450757722,51.4944102360086,51.4947454647138,51.4948939539479,51.4950422494929,51.4955727251321,51.4966920133972,51.4967127837466,51.4976389906526,51.4977342194683,51.4980058186896,51.498268867663,51.4985027977491,51.4994911997451,51.4994878342623,51.4996038280286,51.4997515638259,51.4997474013781,51.5009552316833,51.5019832932898,51.5021760591015,51.5023348011884,51.5023347769682,51.5031117981174,51.5031397323557,51.5031472978541,51.50314205785,51.5031341945143,51.5031051035925,51.5030911173993,51.5030695563084,51.5030647742083,51.5031317580395,51.5031950019816,51.5032521104969,51.5032650243615,51.503356762709,51.5033642643098,51.5033746577844,51.5033858045128,51.5034286206938,51.5035148874781,51.5035524792273,51.503656030546,51.5039431916919,51.5043943552458,51.5044567979893,51.5046434378565,51.5048411516063,51.5050379908764,51.5053558681747,51.5054406013968,51.5056453829412,51.5055887755381,51.5058453771372,51.506226803738,51.5062393570277,51.5062707569643,51.5062916428835,51.5063150552245,51.5063390999518,51.5063698253199,51.506588866885,51.5066187874459,51.5067070908771,51.5067099077791,51.5064726450078,51.5064749956434,51.5070966470313,51.5071342471292,51.5074440744789,51.5072330193407,51.5078169079006,51.507845881082,51.5080765561564,51.5084023988562,51.5085814996205,51.5088057951851,51.508863060957,51.5088312116651,51.5087053034092,51.5085692912115,51.5084891049129,51.5084543166166,51.5084375288523,51.5084212159458,51.5082578175064,51.5081984036868,51.5081908237233,51.5081885870983,51.5082160837377,51.5082387634862,51.5082451222792,51.5082221835373,51.5083292533915,51.5083893398279,51.5084613054602,51.508592899775,51.5086315249682,51.5085383536487,51.5089021807217,51.5090054506562,51.5090608512329,51.5091285416277,51.5091688042371,51.5093557887773,51.5094034205048,51.5094064298384,51.5092237372935,51.5094152244482,51.509460812941,51.5094819700827,51.5095007205493,51.5095214369382,51.509537853028,51.5095517178529,51.5095573746315,51.5095630314081,51.5095681510239,51.5095660334977,51.5095110350526,51.5094920606138,51.5094768733768,51.5094698459444,51.5094735055146,51.5094898661589,51.5095445950601,51.5095910027173,51.509632871202,51.5096826448815,51.5096950274891,51.5097235602879,51.5097435545986,51.5098283575246,51.5098546682521,51.5098502450721,51.5100105183129,51.5100066896645,51.5099983197534,51.5097844991233,51.5097653939457,51.5097232597349,51.5096438002619,51.5094930100446,51.5094977715718,51.5095555135231,51.5094831797152,51.5094005305738,51.5093405612339,51.5092460859885,51.5091847823167,51.5088141016493,51.5089850939174,51.5086545409915,51.5085502418451,51.5083232859982,51.5082048471085,51.5081493238084,51.5080919791743,51.5079899065314,51.5079875336856,51.5080193660412,51.508032424622,51.5079475582485,51.5079046877187,51.5078957493734,51.5078771793746,51.5078347180732,51.5077002367884,51.507600668735,51.5075677903974,51.5075543703948,51.5075472886269,51.5075478987145,51.5075859030719,51.5070863607532,51.5070943395615,51.5067854021003,51.5067195765775,51.5064435057763,51.5061830443088,51.506203182868,51.5061146455221,51.5061836544324,51.5059868906282,51.5058865736781,51.5053643008439,51.5054713849653,51.5053486832361,51.5052445819824,51.5048110609696,51.5048523679414,51.5045532433439,51.5044067280131,51.5037641619039,51.5036780531877,51.5034590034873,51.5033236278032,51.5031431912144,51.5030319322598,51.5030668668991,51.5030207725062,51.502969319467,51.5029348258797,51.5029526387018,51.5029471348072,51.5028693737446,51.5028694690525,51.5028444972785,51.5028394283362,51.5028470198405,51.5028307857231,51.5028468846427,51.5028555738289,51.5028587167576,51.5028669060691,51.5029030712915,51.5029031188955,51.5030219269202,51.5030961586029,51.5030406575768,51.5030710527885,51.5031291227583,51.5032108082871,51.5032890368045,51.5033007717555,51.5033089359356,51.5032361281056,51.5032038300185,51.5031936885391,51.5031898850303,51.503192371929,51.5032558666881,51.5033557574924,51.503673324652,51.5037626242099,51.5038491080954,51.5037594389515,51.5039474227484,51.5039759252383,51.5042172830003,51.5041439306572,51.5043546787586,51.5044447283019,51.5045186772364,51.5045652192075,51.5045913033189,51.5046665276581,51.5047129957008,51.5047726795128,51.5048722115542,51.5049577060472,51.5048707785352,51.5048407732854,51.5047749595121,51.5047427299886,51.5047427827618,51.5045663736474,51.5047053070657,51.505050847253,51.505068655931,51.5050859432695,51.5051461791509,51.5054040124303,51.5055758274566,51.5056236471828,51.5056602083246,51.5057866068323,51.5058297426157,51.5059701179608,51.5060185769853,51.5060215570532,51.5058252790904,51.5059058548873,51.5058951205263,51.5058978173572,51.5059041797218,51.5059414997257,51.506003387276,51.5060431654965,51.5059572994824,51.5059291111189,51.5059015623548,51.5059543222085,51.5060344658788,51.5062663204981,51.5062178180366,51.5062579261959,51.5061840254265,51.5064343656807,51.5066045632601,51.5066882052234,51.5067687476792,51.5068070320466,51.5068497856517,51.5070340692568,51.5072391947976,51.5073358792596,51.5073521675175,51.5074237897888,51.5075293627526,51.5076885525259,51.5077872049727,51.5078180370022,51.5078100200018,51.5078177279872,51.5078360049393,51.5078389602796,51.5078427881949]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.138394434283573,-0.138515281916148,-0.139267809779572,-0.139451093461727,-0.139693035224613,-0.140529124705522,-0.140702232063821,-0.140804071249631,-0.140884321136182,-0.140937800944196,-0.141005943410488,-0.141031590353402,-0.141056431153774,-0.141077863935089,-0.141032182216857,-0.141043240988706,-0.141043302679164,-0.141018109283277,-0.140996580622733,-0.140805275155435,-0.140699094474202,-0.140659053474364,-0.140638819059633,-0.140597506691602,-0.140592691824904,-0.140622603546761,-0.140718791936926,-0.140755314917982,-0.140802884325849,-0.140817266536634,-0.140816937110218,-0.140682573825803,-0.140672981555935,-0.140667384989428,-0.140670891832684,-0.14068164481597,-0.140690308365341,-0.141036305843825,-0.141111787658669,-0.141145612425643,-0.141197279648517,-0.141202057802073,-0.141303437710259,-0.141541451009308,-0.141670491574708,-0.141890202569618,-0.142224516478278,-0.142536491732009,-0.142501030797427,-0.142415881006558,-0.142170893988015,-0.141587651701218,-0.140915879542213,-0.140706208319351,-0.140521136806211,-0.139489688669225,-0.139094370968029,-0.138856912205427,-0.13867724543688,-0.138448206116726,-0.138429055217863,-0.138343945893209,-0.138072423724491,-0.137595528084261,-0.137285065452077,-0.136892998620553,-0.136703880912813,-0.13655085198714,-0.136170334738106,-0.135904937869728,-0.13560319272984,-0.135258190393837,-0.135190602367761,-0.134225266305539,-0.133427141780264,-0.133396120324002,-0.133112151655482,-0.132977190338525,-0.132801590473596,-0.132681749810683,-0.132353653994059,-0.131915552452282,-0.131732665527008,-0.131612123067446,-0.131389743842079,-0.131197571139766,-0.131024846733895,-0.130529821000367,-0.129751909343077,-0.129375061490465,-0.128755339104799,-0.127496513185537,-0.127124279649869,-0.126777416220127,-0.126699649033582,-0.126530210166773,-0.126232416223177,-0.12615546231611,-0.125477822174501,-0.125476379992523,-0.125105628351109,-0.124880980554637,-0.124713687009928,-0.124623198927723,-0.124578009107818,-0.124554082459255,-0.124506601120827,-0.124404501499241,-0.124283542457206,-0.124119353216273,-0.1239603393834,-0.123845256827408,-0.123822920751524,-0.123775364149982,-0.123609104036657,-0.123435484823613,-0.12327369926892,-0.122407621931928,-0.122371126548633,-0.121794860903579,-0.121775889882872,-0.121758734129032,-0.119928333609406,-0.119650680991575,-0.119568325895935,-0.119539444335979,-0.119393922020324,-0.119238862262055,-0.119264010402861,-0.119140360850381,-0.118890252873418,-0.118899054473159,-0.119487436382917,-0.119567057770283,-0.1190640310866,-0.118868004974715,-0.118234455708463,-0.117800110147212,-0.117585305356948,-0.11745120041637,-0.117184434592066,-0.11658697931527,-0.115818827532522,-0.115585327057362,-0.116127865634468,-0.116099469171427,-0.115749063872006,-0.115405685522471,-0.11560153559105,-0.115606047698299,-0.115507590961773,-0.11519956294778,-0.115142771440666,-0.115139315361853,-0.115159536590889,-0.115166078631039,-0.115093499696273,-0.115047911178011,-0.115045919194829,-0.115043117087164,-0.111621277183244,-0.110707657609256,-0.110672315536938,-0.11033730684805,-0.109308563850008,-0.109056118739808,-0.108815397341792,-0.108614492833722,-0.108422539587206,-0.108320484931447,-0.107843778759654,-0.107770079766654,-0.107611272231092,-0.10733036365445,-0.107021576148462,-0.106903963966815,-0.106634186539727,-0.106204650874996,-0.104871506019498,-0.104603517967653,-0.104463625071842,-0.104402313023013,-0.104391151801867,-0.1045107463265,-0.103793755081595,-0.10216455294488,-0.10208598116461,-0.101929923375745,-0.101515722107294,-0.101417378415665,-0.101329970493532,-0.101101846080516,-0.100999140596893,-0.100961185506978,-0.100864846652823,-0.099479677742761,-0.0985876643478763,-0.0960322224603798,-0.0957588374850519,-0.0948255252344271,-0.0944990851080576,-0.0942915215266815,-0.0937563908299642,-0.0936353471379203,-0.0933406575294207,-0.0931261034378695,-0.0929852654248271,-0.0927685800513219,-0.0922825557013479,-0.0921679703429673,-0.0917028097383454,-0.0915914347458792,-0.0915565716077115,-0.0915115414098301,-0.0912501112121983,-0.0910476415833458,-0.0908841490569881,-0.0907708648771016,-0.0905577639766322,-0.0903753782512794,-0.0903115735945013,-0.0902925952343952,-0.0903834336182492,-0.0904203289974384,-0.0903199662962509,-0.0902663735579687,-0.0903079578840019,-0.0903330820417211,-0.0903933820061461,-0.0904033820548894,-0.0902578634536242,-0.0900374609696838,-0.0898728795983009,-0.0897535237212139,-0.0896460767276933,-0.089529141824452,-0.0892997000337032,-0.0890500005637066,-0.0885885307597679,-0.0877448976084251,-0.0876560816778331,-0.0875523896214625,-0.087356669542959,-0.0869934752749689,-0.0867890035725979,-0.0865098774690641,-0.0863514205316179,-0.0862703882640759,-0.0860789207883859,-0.085639679794982,-0.0855044391444076,-0.0854044050223605,-0.0853012239500309,-0.0851804813396128,-0.0846986438457913,-0.0846324880280443,-0.0845126210063509,-0.0843789881007326,-0.0837143024843843,-0.0832176868612835,-0.0811214566995024,-0.0802876498239067,-0.0799633591819839,-0.0797248710484784,-0.0795793925380997,-0.0795091751693119,-0.0794613396290114,-0.0793333106216917,-0.079041095999017,-0.0788687927358819,-0.0788029742546003,-0.0786840103983635,-0.0779052314044019,-0.0777182942282319,-0.0770904734434622,-0.0769162893764613,-0.0767575436331477,-0.0767289433574269,-0.076635744461442,-0.0764411109456302,-0.0764151577062647,-0.0763739202824152,-0.0763576805061269,-0.076377932100921,-0.0768394296666316,-0.0783210150052257,-0.0797198087747298,-0.0831659168394279,-0.0838383143867261,-0.0836294495595803,-0.0836606713593608,-0.0840862143821458,-0.0846891372133748,-0.0854943852125483,-0.0856823054146681,-0.0860362846549191,-0.0864042133788767,-0.0864622622088026,-0.0865709047733542,-0.0866174334372028,-0.0868158750953402,-0.0870860841540877,-0.0874096750171737,-0.0877013274876202,-0.0881990358379903,-0.0886615156570533,-0.0891393789587155,-0.0896906013930412,-0.0897186190758981,-0.0902576412880254,-0.0907729893686098,-0.0913750880818496,-0.0915885706465277,-0.091981602552744,-0.092548265387384,-0.0932846196313856,-0.093779251004127,-0.0939862085002684,-0.0944841053445598,-0.0945532076601539,-0.0950498098630195,-0.0950455693398057,-0.0960118120268072,-0.096163874635718,-0.0965525061912998,-0.0970336505939184,-0.0962614701673013,-0.0958952090292385,-0.0955248748931577,-0.095317711951786,-0.0951128997659889,-0.095083573033645,-0.095081989103873,-0.0950934845348046,-0.0951419587339395,-0.0954053613566806,-0.08960135390934,-0.0890500164416511,-0.0887804640592242,-0.0886629952752175,-0.0885982295735787,-0.0885522303837174,-0.0884847989329962,-0.0883102755669578,-0.0881319758358304,-0.0878378746317354,-0.0878041730634457,-0.0874399548462025,-0.0872945169049234,-0.0870321906503501,-0.0867954197623538,-0.0864563633676289,-0.086299117776423,-0.0850207111969484,-0.084908988032221,-0.084751022915619,-0.0850308690361957,-0.0852707205278882,-0.0854097519419759,-0.0854434344307641,-0.0851110961993634,-0.0851393733799046,-0.0845278500755477,-0.0842235517992884,-0.084315417477097,-0.0843382333919926,-0.084441335924436,-0.0845237696046524,-0.0847032725466779,-0.0849063156702261,-0.0850671459460576,-0.0852179066789452,-0.0853764576910552,-0.0855561364685949,-0.0858137962458454,-0.0859046213571104,-0.0862274520889507,-0.0863571351435002,-0.0875429141789208,-0.088129376760466,-0.0893030593988927,-0.0897805297137452,-0.0900043104292443,-0.0897046758767502,-0.0896935020542595,-0.0902636502587206,-0.0909262916151637,-0.0913720621695657,-0.0918215037438154,-0.0921761374615342,-0.0923745104683138,-0.0925168061004088,-0.0933015796358246,-0.0934146612999673,-0.0935931933852074,-0.0936153693639897,-0.0938753198999408,-0.0943447045212244,-0.0944101717987648,-0.094622858168302,-0.0950886678636239,-0.0959876073646706,-0.0960174250862479,-0.0964698396850375,-0.0966236937908779,-0.0966846840480718,-0.0966977614147548,-0.0967138489608534,-0.0967863181050472,-0.0979724532826793,-0.0979335410503358,-0.0979017192376215,-0.0977872474590479,-0.097701100087772,-0.0976400961769656,-0.0975121426091989,-0.0973837096209099,-0.0973745857891337,-0.097393148378212,-0.097403252135706,-0.0975167146795032,-0.0975681170595543,-0.0976241197029784,-0.0976701706728193,-0.0984513225154881,-0.098901910272571,-0.0993483432803946,-0.0996545817405544,-0.100110214344748,-0.10025751502651,-0.100301027928546,-0.1004301261057,-0.100802751543213,-0.101072674498257,-0.101575140789388,-0.101820797686006,-0.10208400050911,-0.103256768007067,-0.104756125491624,-0.105341131640742,-0.105349923289653,-0.10548951763617,-0.105884415279116,-0.106036470718735,-0.106165063664447,-0.106352529031939,-0.106501627746717,-0.106647748219447,-0.107020549148219,-0.108274441011435,-0.108285741772481,-0.10833695578676,-0.10860216878104,-0.10875833635703,-0.108966752160185,-0.10899126745988,-0.109244466628781,-0.1093216609607,-0.109481577706053,-0.10960467311539,-0.109809631003374,-0.109985219809988,-0.110602557799403,-0.111201357912202,-0.111885071783423,-0.112194220247546,-0.112357917145219,-0.112563048219487,-0.113212170965062,-0.113506859725837,-0.113612148880428,-0.113679656167517,-0.113880834858294,-0.114103165008543,-0.114206816346068,-0.11425342179999,-0.113735337654034,-0.113224671473578,-0.112949388983406,-0.113437713776847,-0.113625356606437,-0.113760400661362,-0.113824851888912,-0.114494835383188,-0.114705667403184,-0.115303556683591,-0.115432421413322,-0.115476112151255,-0.11552873769624,-0.11556976348858,-0.115680264420048,-0.115726922909826,-0.115783314149998,-0.115807015470925,-0.115841099094965,-0.115880247197116,-0.115943332060229,-0.1160166880765,-0.116052924025181,-0.116532520664817,-0.117102934308749,-0.117557690913294,-0.118141158591545,-0.119011421037366,-0.119895987894153,-0.121218885239303,-0.121995523906944,-0.122556113049131,-0.122553265107461,-0.122563452971613,-0.122464719851335,-0.122360522142287,-0.122340403315935,-0.122341030660235,-0.122338704102011,-0.122329122819241,-0.122340604054314,-0.122352307278812,-0.122400724785628,-0.122520976356958,-0.122606985467736,-0.12272443836027,-0.123075520511935,-0.123176280451748,-0.123378024644622,-0.123734371749593,-0.124050336957998,-0.124297613672376,-0.124861094222693,-0.12500890622097,-0.125086251733335,-0.125093200182192,-0.125266808372827,-0.125479478539465,-0.125689972869206,-0.125741164753912,-0.125827201019105,-0.125900560326803,-0.125938516506039,-0.125909697405353,-0.12599407699568,-0.126155334267936,-0.126361950176798,-0.126395659313426,-0.126509391853384,-0.12665369245887,-0.126888229439867,-0.127088637738488,-0.127138978207029,-0.127173131885963,-0.127204105619686,-0.127268638604243,-0.127609889675736,-0.127699443582272,-0.127781754030544,-0.127972394100059,-0.128235731042259,-0.129137592123756,-0.129347124530419,-0.129350007314999,-0.129834688260511,-0.13002552769981,-0.130162847563555,-0.130344870235105,-0.130714495487674,-0.130762018457591,-0.130814143476399,-0.130837363982543,-0.130879065802476,-0.130925607850139,-0.131027115163055,-0.131244982587744,-0.131354913736951,-0.131840732202357,-0.132161839674472,-0.133250486225784,-0.134005060841134,-0.134379545100974,-0.134639481535653,-0.134722445380085,-0.134883424418701,-0.135089227836075,-0.135147164143671,-0.135204173599614,-0.135255968183567,-0.135337594930336,-0.135474818664507,-0.13591279950435,-0.136544149109666,-0.13701742479802,-0.13717894952942,-0.137272379403083,-0.137384266604767,-0.137445614683876,-0.138394434283573],"lat":[51.5568591905219,51.5570085840267,51.558010589092,51.5582562916355,51.5585847551629,51.5598029957931,51.5599801924023,51.5600654358354,51.5601494378588,51.5602177285266,51.560350997054,51.5604296376269,51.5605280487903,51.560710035649,51.5610519238764,51.5611699000452,51.5612391428083,51.5613970105983,51.5614650120493,51.5619107036557,51.5621086533064,51.5622060363927,51.5622776552594,51.5625476729959,51.5628425486671,51.5630642366381,51.5632528035489,51.5633478028651,51.563525707617,51.5636329454979,51.5638532549713,51.5642467931303,51.5643050919653,51.5643715473072,51.564462426477,51.5645525212232,51.5645877290024,51.5651606337104,51.5653263910674,51.565416851255,51.5656712563693,51.5656956116313,51.5661108694858,51.5672800585809,51.5676894593661,51.5683170133174,51.5686820038445,51.5689225442649,51.5690137056909,51.5691202668882,51.5691478618736,51.5692609232394,51.5693509973269,51.5693971336318,51.5694769313746,51.5700001277107,51.570210576721,51.5703363016958,51.5704602451864,51.5705564278752,51.5705660157345,51.5706006352262,51.5707123295643,51.5709412624733,51.5710523369625,51.5711827976025,51.5712553311935,51.5713275383413,51.5715283209575,51.571631115184,51.571740525257,51.5718843176455,51.5719138178432,51.5724407167043,51.5728659553809,51.5728834467949,51.573016513613,51.573070119479,51.5731293732635,51.5731661337678,51.5732490381838,51.5733751526755,51.5734360873522,51.5734899212223,51.5735637152153,51.5736047178435,51.5736289442885,51.5737001923865,51.5738073961097,51.5738472507827,51.573932689941,51.5741536068569,51.5741161929881,51.5741286413356,51.5741247021671,51.5741040122724,51.5740462021377,51.5740224922271,51.5740422436722,51.5740422206343,51.5740740658062,51.574097453616,51.5741298507731,51.5741544827469,51.574270662266,51.5743611035213,51.5743576469276,51.574348821122,51.5743423915041,51.5744045124962,51.574516174427,51.5746123521376,51.5746290806618,51.5746624915791,51.5746697248621,51.5746804372026,51.5746841445894,51.5749688393202,51.5749089052562,51.5750597486988,51.5750648405214,51.5750258984253,51.5754570001751,51.5755056068829,51.5755078841922,51.5755083206212,51.5752577970858,51.5749936318221,51.5749787477194,51.5748976323784,51.5747335577778,51.5747301018916,51.5744256959728,51.5743847074052,51.5743694515472,51.57436361156,51.574259032965,51.5741882205993,51.5741479059493,51.5740405429611,51.5738258396782,51.5733720248838,51.5728237432077,51.5725727012314,51.5721902408005,51.5721789939685,51.5720330855769,51.5718917852053,51.5716224591066,51.5716180353383,51.5715562047519,51.5714325571154,51.5714100630068,51.5713191836889,51.5708303188812,51.5706721567275,51.5706476105059,51.5706333895101,51.5706117756148,51.570574861529,51.5690531735006,51.5686059294094,51.5685882746791,51.5684201165102,51.5677920571941,51.5676513037581,51.5675062424866,51.567375311227,51.5672373299386,51.5671583494694,51.566789165959,51.5667223324556,51.566550712916,51.566331262108,51.5661230510576,51.5660366243478,51.5658272431235,51.5655388468722,51.5646351606688,51.5647648199245,51.5648327013976,51.5647804537804,51.5647712809899,51.5647057694411,51.5643218961093,51.5632883981157,51.5632349708289,51.5631020554571,51.5627932069246,51.5627295675296,51.5626804929847,51.5625805817281,51.5625177706324,51.5624937758785,51.5624166797295,51.5614851110883,51.560837587887,51.5612268884868,51.561174791702,51.5609645037007,51.5608701769909,51.5607966644605,51.5605523682366,51.5605144316368,51.5604889605027,51.5604791790128,51.5604660990289,51.5604382972491,51.5602964076579,51.5602765595341,51.5602222340008,51.5601601727799,51.5600624867305,51.5599664337927,51.5595602163671,51.5592619683654,51.5589976264565,51.5587745675745,51.5583169783591,51.5579183398909,51.5578228801117,51.5577937951991,51.557726031422,51.5576717776451,51.5566926589085,51.5558024277647,51.5553606732959,51.5549330388853,51.5544232459007,51.5541500364071,51.5541458693395,51.5541386845616,51.554073057624,51.5540297488297,51.5539776413106,51.5539109911784,51.553740893376,51.5538132629523,51.5539478274411,51.5529449038628,51.5528957959017,51.5528230648472,51.5527434379591,51.552667374887,51.552624473652,51.5525731604913,51.5525337067124,51.5525054074291,51.5524276462525,51.5522046595902,51.5521619864633,51.552139671258,51.552123599371,51.5521135355357,51.5520463198883,51.5520416428652,51.552045081412,51.5520671793599,51.5521291640443,51.5521390365916,51.5519761772494,51.5519094810005,51.5518691034374,51.5518121443297,51.5517387221728,51.5516935094083,51.5516648495335,51.5515881156974,51.5513342385574,51.5511443726919,51.5510632614157,51.5509426119111,51.5496735993803,51.5494205442454,51.5486773644391,51.5484299124831,51.5481584334948,51.5481183974922,51.5479343211657,51.5473169400257,51.5469747981675,51.5466530885043,51.5464226133087,51.5463528035918,51.5460798026587,51.5462416665468,51.5463491005795,51.5465763148424,51.5466034856726,51.5452242173001,51.5450646602918,51.5439295594757,51.5423818982071,51.5403762188508,51.5397812820491,51.5387340321024,51.5377319712475,51.5375512689248,51.5374019664417,51.5372552477707,51.537268376108,51.5372206259212,51.5371377753176,51.5370256270764,51.5367792506504,51.536547585459,51.53629278846,51.5360077103129,51.5359928792584,51.535757957992,51.5355028653933,51.5352419880216,51.5351366516099,51.5349443100261,51.5346684622614,51.5343342208819,51.5341255396415,51.5340380779415,51.5338546259029,51.5338917185068,51.5337046460427,51.5336335361832,51.5332832272609,51.5332326393672,51.5331103529358,51.5329823720159,51.5318610637422,51.5313092723211,51.5307861896399,51.5304644903141,51.530052004149,51.529925632397,51.5298599611593,51.529791804561,51.5296666962288,51.5291934696191,51.5277043438624,51.5275469861968,51.5274427772794,51.5273905049749,51.5273534794401,51.527315860425,51.5272392241761,51.5270691186054,51.5268171190178,51.5262323056062,51.5261076590166,51.525957840142,51.5259194984586,51.5258495749412,51.5257890602112,51.5258644624482,51.525901464336,51.5262034329531,51.5258769777458,51.5254157783055,51.5252054252957,51.5248487393819,51.5245929224982,51.5245116400303,51.5244270805152,51.5239248582661,51.5238977876547,51.5239009112833,51.5236011610023,51.5234009995934,51.5224899387321,51.522071332427,51.5216066505714,51.5209930762788,51.5206297048976,51.5203345123723,51.5201284731734,51.5198310544866,51.5194269974537,51.5192890949706,51.518808764519,51.518844152895,51.5191998150475,51.519410809285,51.5197806443484,51.5199098209209,51.5199701183022,51.5206891393914,51.5207150358184,51.5207998576839,51.5208789881829,51.5209392988001,51.5209807830762,51.5210144287875,51.5210275470443,51.5214857835618,51.5213330803424,51.5215246613205,51.521495190004,51.5215854759294,51.5215393423545,51.5214831222118,51.5217449697375,51.5223131568962,51.5231372459448,51.5229090428104,51.5229544895509,51.5228215487472,51.5231765531979,51.5231658525744,51.5231633670124,51.5231924041963,51.5233212742045,51.5228773982187,51.522842595561,51.5228106056333,51.5226864506823,51.5225744452901,51.5224817319659,51.5222314624589,51.5218543901384,51.5217274472598,51.5216279311123,51.5215930240774,51.5216029577579,51.5213034404761,51.5210318746649,51.5207223787253,51.5205866682893,51.5204968528314,51.5203683003851,51.5202833369209,51.5201414418269,51.5201348351407,51.5201283458573,51.5201088545809,51.5199871945798,51.5199088334474,51.5197497058261,51.5196655547009,51.5195753921985,51.519206784417,51.5187481216769,51.5185444497641,51.5185409947628,51.5191367571904,51.520284287967,51.520684213452,51.5209200957278,51.5212657379967,51.5214938576327,51.5216895558655,51.5221892630408,51.5220898917006,51.5220954694765,51.5221466536113,51.522460273561,51.5226921011927,51.5229850208986,51.5230195877409,51.5229274493943,51.5229430817505,51.5230149017886,51.5230708408838,51.5230993229712,51.5231408202658,51.5232712657728,51.5233969132327,51.5235607938452,51.5236494002499,51.5236996950945,51.5237938205528,51.5242368042073,51.5244312862712,51.5245345950832,51.5246103186499,51.5249049114155,51.5252807765616,51.5254586963913,51.5255169977782,51.5258791595275,51.5262360428225,51.526408767201,51.5265227338091,51.5265869006973,51.5266331356934,51.5266782354254,51.5270711888052,51.5272022713081,51.5275958597057,51.5277220268451,51.5277811801263,51.5278683537273,51.5279571394574,51.5283186151765,51.52872492707,51.5294542264672,51.5295436330511,51.529626012383,51.5296904880243,51.5297688368811,51.5298428544092,51.5298731116716,51.530094835017,51.5302820441078,51.5304071446188,51.530557688801,51.530746101477,51.5309374346623,51.5308480222188,51.5307894177393,51.5307255519734,51.5308298194279,51.5311078508197,51.5327366111148,51.5340424527963,51.5345663934299,51.5345861869671,51.5355186717107,51.535821565486,51.5360681436518,51.536309329862,51.5368847252629,51.5373614535799,51.5376191161383,51.5379186472698,51.5384979859461,51.5386425786226,51.5388913010742,51.5392378163323,51.5395144425504,51.539813350123,51.5405939135914,51.5408570582246,51.541115479486,51.541192026665,51.5414591801917,51.5417584312932,51.5421107028708,51.5424793133102,51.542736973574,51.5429170958996,51.5430462947317,51.5431861170814,51.5435543582396,51.5441927024285,51.5450610789365,51.5451884112365,51.5456146724942,51.5461043690544,51.5469956712978,51.5474538900475,51.5475275327187,51.5476090102002,51.547662560238,51.5477418248877,51.5480368292475,51.5481039035044,51.548171761347,51.5483060935326,51.5484262980332,51.5488381501721,51.5489691843432,51.5489692303079,51.5493195704017,51.5494844767331,51.5496179553924,51.5498924287712,51.5506572827032,51.5508702620593,51.55121730244,51.5512842166239,51.5513577199584,51.5514187109342,51.5515111518746,51.5516504084898,51.5517133081798,51.5519665390888,51.5521209264907,51.5528351685492,51.5533597421406,51.5536201839984,51.5538599193503,51.5539475659327,51.5541380674215,51.5544317951609,51.5544965624727,51.5545487255852,51.5545873171035,51.5546371736627,51.5547032008725,51.5548576364988,51.5550457161254,51.5552897334175,51.5553966104915,51.5554754289197,51.5555968048078,51.5556841062357,51.5568591905219]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.097664742057559,-0.0975583772371069,-0.0973421250217411,-0.0973013695802717,-0.0972257773661489,-0.0971502601693015,-0.0970747429359762,-0.0969993382648534,-0.0969500424138574,-0.0969021887022062,-0.096854410050995,-0.0968080735433473,-0.0967777133009711,-0.0967314518590737,-0.0966867076427997,-0.0966419634266331,-0.0966131204101544,-0.096568451277565,-0.0965237821486064,-0.0961275358061571,-0.0955653692069792,-0.0955394857293372,-0.0954432001290099,-0.0953468394410451,-0.0952504036541027,-0.0951539303258613,-0.0951236828893458,-0.0950948775979129,-0.0950661098791543,-0.0950373045921154,-0.0950084993069915,-0.0949796940237803,-0.0949508887424839,-0.0949220458895106,-0.0948931654631565,-0.0947104267216594,-0.0945759458009506,-0.0943027082711573,-0.093826566816763,-0.0937243002888384,-0.093583095488787,-0.093541009834309,-0.0932464851876812,-0.0931508140840239,-0.0930653132455323,-0.0930465652329062,-0.0929642495738699,-0.0928834512949494,-0.0928012860963371,-0.0927191585249127,-0.092680408448942,-0.0925122783682081,-0.0923425933922756,-0.0921742377978003,-0.0921555274454161,-0.0921152600688163,-0.0920749926985023,-0.0920332455514954,-0.0919929405612575,-0.0919525979430861,-0.0919107379094356,-0.0918861836963461,-0.0918442860275638,-0.0918009085697635,-0.0917589356239046,-0.0916317627993938,-0.0915883100459846,-0.0915462617970907,-0.0914883122245499,-0.0913897565135133,-0.091264564381111,-0.0909974123608049,-0.0906605951874119,-0.0903518553473425,-0.0902961115656023,-0.0901886758791384,-0.0901479563091015,-0.090092739756748,-0.0899810904575697,-0.0898364597114429,-0.0895436628939381,-0.0894213428222456,-0.0893536365463699,-0.0892875231855012,-0.0892198923082317,-0.089153703607811,-0.0890172636034908,-0.0889856114393208,-0.0888388879554837,-0.0886388423220118,-0.088413186717504,-0.0881023019126017,-0.0879964207420834,-0.0879009363556798,-0.0877912189031705,-0.0877133044444012,-0.0876067353475025,-0.0874211491874527,-0.086872159930911,-0.086865917342945,-0.0869547820135865,-0.0870437517792086,-0.0871739615966876,-0.0871801915046357,-0.0872316617929614,-0.0866637270062244,-0.0860885123044767,-0.0860551157911914,-0.0858532943917567,-0.0856892254405891,-0.0849050022316088,-0.0838213689606061,-0.0836118744029766,-0.0828000219799452,-0.08223495937572,-0.0818473271218904,-0.0808768318773252,-0.080861758894836,-0.0798365082143287,-0.0798407939187874,-0.0793482090671755,-0.0789588537055198,-0.0784683546301846,-0.0780684871800226,-0.0780240828095572,-0.0780293191701767,-0.0780310646225613,-0.0775683495771634,-0.0775457702288951,-0.0775214427692701,-0.0770520490998348,-0.0770934151974016,-0.077056184159772,-0.0762467061732945,-0.0759733782071929,-0.0758986506888704,-0.075784300656244,-0.0757530280066513,-0.0754302830183486,-0.0753749110323778,-0.0753237897163608,-0.0752051892267895,-0.0751755453202607,-0.074434372870528,-0.074435587177725,-0.0744485647737354,-0.0743935716030175,-0.0743747493696972,-0.0742357674412373,-0.073999664901789,-0.0737621199729847,-0.0737620424171756,-0.0736406323751799,-0.0736287562137896,-0.0736240513530326,-0.0735445409885974,-0.073545604928284,-0.0730431894333162,-0.0727684133475517,-0.0725133005172486,-0.0723782265787384,-0.0723667270967133,-0.0723216010321876,-0.071920742975783,-0.0718931512198288,-0.0718578630934837,-0.0718526267826345,-0.0709340193611116,-0.070487686078116,-0.0699763801620249,-0.0697305554175827,-0.0694893233320931,-0.069330905379059,-0.0687492652594784,-0.0683315877316726,-0.0679945583384081,-0.0674301493252381,-0.0673722324564335,-0.0672346512583752,-0.0670894014626017,-0.0667377949638913,-0.0667829445089865,-0.0661287985954596,-0.0654722915655292,-0.0646213392911983,-0.0642332694378973,-0.0637659982300895,-0.0627159849145162,-0.0611841808668271,-0.0609947194151374,-0.0606904487697277,-0.060333880727025,-0.0600835109105559,-0.0600045567533071,-0.0597416525888876,-0.0596860832573559,-0.0593728231939065,-0.0590794032364498,-0.0588647938289094,-0.0587480718888053,-0.0587427628940713,-0.0585938440197456,-0.0585329964623619,-0.0584964222721699,-0.0584502126920271,-0.0584308790036937,-0.0582258382720557,-0.0575903167559816,-0.0571061274379445,-0.0567706898719246,-0.0566216276578108,-0.0563992207671516,-0.0561721537716918,-0.0560103324012,-0.0558696049221785,-0.0557805451737945,-0.0555760861243201,-0.0552903376056226,-0.0549803205887061,-0.0547916247060671,-0.0546792404987993,-0.0545561260948454,-0.0544390869547427,-0.054291935651201,-0.0541759878800241,-0.0535346995995235,-0.0533842934752595,-0.0532939446056047,-0.0531592411631898,-0.0528249484630776,-0.0519344852142432,-0.0511755245052704,-0.0508527242430557,-0.0507879720276494,-0.0506885943005065,-0.0504468699021447,-0.0498519804451365,-0.0491502301176432,-0.0490538950777029,-0.048959579272128,-0.0485676499830015,-0.0484336950627285,-0.0483063728035603,-0.0482391264797872,-0.0476665742850638,-0.0475475594961698,-0.0474835448032629,-0.046836839490547,-0.0468004906657559,-0.0467703497193057,-0.0467273095534931,-0.0467014387531334,-0.0466866957124104,-0.0466733944944407,-0.046662976901936,-0.0466525593210511,-0.0466436220679119,-0.0466386251068055,-0.0466311296722232,-0.0466250760473706,-0.046620464229663,-0.0466173327294239,-0.0466156045182718,-0.0466153181065189,-0.0466179538013116,-0.0466196266746649,-0.0466233575465894,-0.0466284916980454,-0.0466351061523509,-0.0466431238828535,-0.0466511416065635,-0.0466606011166337,-0.0466700606187432,-0.0466809619048736,-0.0466932664622338,-0.0467056095206201,-0.0467179140582042,-0.0467255466237166,-0.0467424075741572,-0.0467621135748287,-0.0467818195561365,-0.0468029287966183,-0.0468240380172644,-0.0468480307899954,-0.0468539904720413,-0.0470282667679211,-0.0472001372765132,-0.0472167667955982,-0.0472319160285983,-0.0472456619767046,-0.0472594464129896,-0.0472717505673282,-0.0472826514392335,-0.0472935523020115,-0.0472998198605072,-0.0473030113856477,-0.0473110671897856,-0.0473159699648282,-0.0473225839888092,-0.0473291595094017,-0.0473328899873738,-0.0473381007256503,-0.0473403509329432,-0.0473412363670802,-0.047342083303092,-0.0473414884741278,-0.0473394518820682,-0.0473373767944662,-0.0473324566811748,-0.0473312843992359,-0.0473248070380105,-0.0473183681788808,-0.0473118908272037,-0.0473025299608124,-0.0472945723627423,-0.0472837697508493,-0.0472729286488442,-0.0472606457969088,-0.0472483629536846,-0.0472345998638096,-0.0472193950271591,-0.047204151701392,-0.0471874666302508,-0.0471861018746264,-0.0471679365606319,-0.0471512130117281,-0.0471329707177546,-0.0471132866800337,-0.0470921608997549,-0.0470724383813333,-0.0470512741203489,-0.0470286681179138,-0.0470060236234688,-0.0469833791392853,-0.0469606961613639,-0.0469380131928375,-0.0469138884835107,-0.0469039502525758,-0.0468713290817674,-0.0468357859251563,-0.0468016460296411,-0.0467660258951728,-0.0467289640292312,-0.0466933054192142,-0.0466561665671556,-0.046617547471816,-0.0465803316256118,-0.0465689131850458,-0.0460642304982795,-0.0457263676994381,-0.0457055121402847,-0.0453547944268143,-0.0451040085479064,-0.0447404700067879,-0.0444744604793765,-0.0443643111950713,-0.0441454927482939,-0.0437350642298272,-0.0433736497021588,-0.0427934681343253,-0.0427121007740713,-0.0425391585252577,-0.0423896836466128,-0.0421928390425222,-0.0418884584150044,-0.0417141017758471,-0.0410791559576641,-0.0407414455589291,-0.0406104546106312,-0.0404768504843072,-0.0403145663311149,-0.0401915949450421,-0.040076566268276,-0.0399105897409193,-0.0397253184948148,-0.0393751824108842,-0.0392337830902709,-0.0391090663194092,-0.0389829969390851,-0.0388378489983079,-0.0387265286795637,-0.0384857645585843,-0.0383671970268649,-0.0381382866496569,-0.0379496276853228,-0.0376833590194272,-0.0372411157375087,-0.037086630699151,-0.0369644822409278,-0.0368150185738045,-0.0366919313315113,-0.0366081185882798,-0.0364165646486249,-0.0360147443544662,-0.0352633780317757,-0.0350270382977146,-0.0349079500067852,-0.034728457503097,-0.0342669129936788,-0.033877975750723,-0.0336710636983176,-0.0335164088187715,-0.0333080242865287,-0.0328748612586953,-0.0325697815128326,-0.0321780125952556,-0.0316909477708852,-0.0311977304290622,-0.0311462620066049,-0.0310934294687102,-0.0310391940040109,-0.0309835556140547,-0.0309279559967943,-0.030872395155587,-0.0308388091117712,-0.030781845329607,-0.030723517454463,-0.0306652283668474,-0.0306055363717054,-0.0305458831704592,-0.0304862687666864,-0.03042525146454,-0.0303643117960313,-0.0303019692379524,-0.0302917996776514,-0.0302309376296461,-0.0301701143993394,-0.0301179801913988,-0.0301092911557971,-0.0300485455705359,-0.0297934423385479,-0.029756113509381,-0.0297202652291613,-0.0295894201875132,-0.0293765537874032,-0.0291705033614774,-0.0285520711531717,-0.0281277699460439,-0.0278911686206558,-0.0275318672773367,-0.02685273801006,-0.0265063770372068,-0.0263719482294242,-0.0262007370925504,-0.0258909297214364,-0.0255344810738956,-0.0251389926143283,-0.0249496659260556,-0.0247592104211056,-0.0246563463135029,-0.0245454559574192,-0.0244471894043707,-0.0243776004886119,-0.0242782431584421,-0.0242041726703103,-0.0240716182769625,-0.0239825477445652,-0.023968713323319,-0.0239198557898686,-0.0235535414828386,-0.0230942274250868,-0.0230339934410689,-0.0225573070011304,-0.0219339010813984,-0.020774925928154,-0.0191599341745464,-0.0188275454503905,-0.0184711612626579,-0.0180756541085653,-0.0179505049237363,-0.0177996872625498,-0.0176758680230889,-0.0175042998171077,-0.0173071098588016,-0.0171894720092721,-0.0171700092930507,-0.0171678689757021,-0.0180824071082889,-0.0189957351694609,-0.0189724450396035,-0.0188880378063371,-0.0188443408120642,-0.0188555754077637,-0.0189030391752442,-0.0189220627131491,-0.0189487644784744,-0.0189419636874805,-0.0188754854981085,-0.0187245580609752,-0.0183413480189121,-0.0181922798813338,-0.0179309621739037,-0.0176212216514895,-0.0175086014892385,-0.0174588340421846,-0.0173424166842159,-0.0172256801852221,-0.0170516791154886,-0.0169853409184411,-0.0169078044855739,-0.0168851722870818,-0.0168756145434111,-0.016838240304358,-0.0168426946325872,-0.0167484786291705,-0.0166208690160278,-0.0165272559830553,-0.0165334835283397,-0.0165721971542413,-0.0165715766344541,-0.016764955636411,-0.0168233082684128,-0.017050531994022,-0.017421052321568,-0.017784367644796,-0.0185558279202014,-0.0192281714248171,-0.0198933904696857,-0.0203520987952522,-0.0214567867704041,-0.0222974332767819,-0.0223550404213382,-0.0223716720543015,-0.0225534876997365,-0.0227529863936484,-0.0230098573863434,-0.0230835885046009,-0.0230707351730638,-0.0238635092354698,-0.0253485639507192,-0.0255056093101388,-0.0255429655440688,-0.0256127249975469,-0.0256595743246659,-0.025707673987125,-0.0257628235796505,-0.0258581688584779,-0.026506655205091,-0.0270511094318777,-0.0273778430845133,-0.0278432677146857,-0.0283869753496574,-0.0287174837199035,-0.0290069802767257,-0.0290162525281695,-0.0291557254777019,-0.0293862278867555,-0.029474780687862,-0.0296521695060485,-0.0299258041100434,-0.03051672718009,-0.0309507582246979,-0.0310650464113901,-0.0315140268142501,-0.0319949180916163,-0.0329204108913928,-0.0330625518686994,-0.033173173623215,-0.0332630690185987,-0.0333877000219078,-0.0334264491677781,-0.0336534107791605,-0.0337793886970375,-0.0338843762752997,-0.034070013467758,-0.0345371960603436,-0.035149757809608,-0.0358728340855019,-0.0367850118587683,-0.0377626801075587,-0.0371567292037753,-0.0371701629058197,-0.0372655623874342,-0.0373788554250846,-0.0374683741169156,-0.0375339075797831,-0.0375511791170602,-0.0379497598011524,-0.0386563049285759,-0.0391113523538649,-0.0401554967971121,-0.0407348502977221,-0.0411027059877436,-0.0414372349043811,-0.0423914104948979,-0.0434697798898746,-0.0435767401109554,-0.0437294548965901,-0.0438324542088806,-0.0439705596257117,-0.0442999280535345,-0.0446431011588687,-0.0447066392046949,-0.0447889859527289,-0.0448607071109111,-0.0449262794998573,-0.0459826314088135,-0.0469232768274565,-0.0471595070813359,-0.0473277844441899,-0.0475748114002997,-0.0478536335937185,-0.0479917678687259,-0.0480793168513998,-0.0481866540740136,-0.048310705619068,-0.048428494029586,-0.0485146980363245,-0.0485864546856649,-0.0489018203146133,-0.0492995519451368,-0.049551426021299,-0.0496255474222156,-0.0499183254603088,-0.0502490678087521,-0.0503581561185097,-0.0504990985725379,-0.0506547191699535,-0.0508092059977941,-0.0509568720366007,-0.0514285906284435,-0.0516039582684983,-0.0517651464712763,-0.0518797258544417,-0.052142195514783,-0.0523945939803683,-0.0525817059608839,-0.0527108733675247,-0.0528099014630887,-0.0528360675901365,-0.0530158934595942,-0.0534668430424416,-0.0538568103390698,-0.0541411105407796,-0.0543899635569778,-0.0547036337113635,-0.0548638176750106,-0.0550387402816159,-0.0552257261997168,-0.0552402883294353,-0.0552474927873734,-0.055425196554523,-0.0556483334691501,-0.0562119437475241,-0.0568150795307674,-0.0572999686772776,-0.0575659949088571,-0.0581126701116175,-0.0587538152191519,-0.0590633451541702,-0.0593558022445841,-0.059684728326365,-0.0599097214448177,-0.0601992374010285,-0.0603712522872703,-0.0604604609815163,-0.0606551380365017,-0.0606831916439668,-0.0609386125695339,-0.0613410913741274,-0.0617015421562737,-0.0620951667226883,-0.0624704334773673,-0.0626641805958108,-0.0627966832079861,-0.0628503284679396,-0.0628380602001606,-0.062754138948088,-0.0627166360343566,-0.0625711523781979,-0.06245756146081,-0.0623141808912635,-0.0622380443817036,-0.0626747132097853,-0.0632631349891491,-0.0649807318040677,-0.0651103490333893,-0.0651402946467993,-0.065364176403,-0.0656236596175847,-0.0658962503080176,-0.0661789719332997,-0.0663132818583332,-0.0673088773025682,-0.0679957197980599,-0.0692959553480491,-0.0699146563933718,-0.0705313117840919,-0.0712324811621416,-0.0716333227280287,-0.0719265233782881,-0.0722654485239092,-0.072787924579839,-0.0729224106256887,-0.0731491444664572,-0.0737730001640364,-0.0740450776114171,-0.0741706135214572,-0.0743736086375631,-0.0746496634404512,-0.0749322357210175,-0.0753184175354619,-0.0754784840453982,-0.075635327443339,-0.0756803672168023,-0.076039205975887,-0.0763495131690883,-0.0768885364894057,-0.0772533170276193,-0.0763153638733536,-0.0763572079411812,-0.0765396617851449,-0.0766356481458915,-0.076640457636826,-0.0766425373187151,-0.0766292608494441,-0.0766013463939545,-0.0765605363683075,-0.0764430828692708,-0.0759154570792695,-0.075776504773504,-0.0757186477875529,-0.0757272882234803,-0.0757704956607028,-0.0758152617524103,-0.0758384217773724,-0.07586313589412,-0.0760145685720931,-0.0760795370328528,-0.0761634208893119,-0.0761871114605987,-0.0764539010805481,-0.0767179388606556,-0.0771314330910912,-0.0779228606541731,-0.0782365019386912,-0.0784528135681574,-0.0784714989901411,-0.0797692775155339,-0.0807590358040503,-0.0810504038961764,-0.0812842164179335,-0.081549389894373,-0.0817623087712737,-0.0817950562407943,-0.0820172740361689,-0.082325791973831,-0.0827339612652505,-0.0833255139948035,-0.0852179066789452,-0.0850671459460576,-0.0849063156702261,-0.0847032725466779,-0.0845237696046524,-0.084441335924436,-0.0843382333919926,-0.084315417477097,-0.0842235517992884,-0.0845278500755477,-0.0851393733799046,-0.0851110961993634,-0.0854434344307641,-0.0854097519419759,-0.0852707205278882,-0.0850308690361957,-0.084751022915619,-0.084908988032221,-0.0850207111969484,-0.086299117776423,-0.0864563633676289,-0.0867954197623538,-0.0870321906503501,-0.0872945169049234,-0.0874399548462025,-0.0878041730634457,-0.0878378746317354,-0.0881319758358304,-0.0883102755669578,-0.0884847989329962,-0.0885522303837174,-0.0885982295735787,-0.0886629952752175,-0.0887804640592242,-0.0890500164416511,-0.08960135390934,-0.0954053613566806,-0.0951419587339395,-0.0950934845348046,-0.095081989103873,-0.095083573033645,-0.0951128997659889,-0.095317711951786,-0.0955248748931577,-0.0958952090292385,-0.0962614701673013,-0.0970336505939184,-0.0965525061912998,-0.096163874635718,-0.0960118120268072,-0.0950455693398057,-0.0950498098630195,-0.0945532076601539,-0.0944841053445598,-0.0939862085002684,-0.093779251004127,-0.0932846196313856,-0.092548265387384,-0.091981602552744,-0.0915885706465277,-0.0913750880818496,-0.0907729893686098,-0.0902576412880254,-0.0897186190758981,-0.0896906013930412,-0.0891393789587155,-0.0886615156570533,-0.0881990358379903,-0.0877013274876202,-0.0874096750171737,-0.0870860841540877,-0.0868158750953402,-0.0866174334372028,-0.0865709047733542,-0.0864622622088026,-0.0864042133788767,-0.0860362846549191,-0.0856823054146681,-0.0854943852125483,-0.0846891372133748,-0.0840862143821458,-0.0836606713593608,-0.0836294495595803,-0.0838383143867261,-0.0831659168394279,-0.0797198087747298,-0.0783210150052257,-0.0768394296666316,-0.076377932100921,-0.0763576805061269,-0.0763739202824152,-0.0764151577062647,-0.0764411109456302,-0.076635744461442,-0.0767289433574269,-0.0767575436331477,-0.0769162893764613,-0.0770904734434622,-0.0777182942282319,-0.0779052314044019,-0.0786840103983635,-0.0788029742546003,-0.0788687927358819,-0.079041095999017,-0.0793333106216917,-0.0794613396290114,-0.0795091751693119,-0.0795793925380997,-0.0797248710484784,-0.0799633591819839,-0.0802876498239067,-0.0811214566995024,-0.0832176868612835,-0.0837143024843843,-0.0843789881007326,-0.0845126210063509,-0.0846324880280443,-0.0846986438457913,-0.0851804813396128,-0.0853012239500309,-0.0854044050223605,-0.0855044391444076,-0.085639679794982,-0.0860789207883859,-0.0862703882640759,-0.0863514205316179,-0.0865098774690641,-0.0867890035725979,-0.0869934752749689,-0.087356669542959,-0.0875523896214625,-0.0876560816778331,-0.0877448976084251,-0.0885885307597679,-0.0890500005637066,-0.0892997000337032,-0.089529141824452,-0.0896460767276933,-0.0897535237212139,-0.0898728795983009,-0.0900374609696838,-0.0902578634536242,-0.0904033820548894,-0.0903933820061461,-0.0903330820417211,-0.0903079578840019,-0.0902663735579687,-0.0903199662962509,-0.0904203289974384,-0.0903834336182492,-0.0902925952343952,-0.0903115735945013,-0.0903753782512794,-0.0905577639766322,-0.0907708648771016,-0.0908841490569881,-0.0910476415833458,-0.0912501112121983,-0.0915115414098301,-0.0915565716077115,-0.0915914347458792,-0.0917028097383454,-0.0921679703429673,-0.0922825557013479,-0.0927685800513219,-0.0929852654248271,-0.0931261034378695,-0.0933406575294207,-0.0936353471379203,-0.0937563908299642,-0.0942915215266815,-0.0944990851080576,-0.0948255252344271,-0.0957588374850519,-0.0960322224603798,-0.0985876643478763,-0.099479677742761,-0.100864846652823,-0.100961185506978,-0.100999140596893,-0.101101846080516,-0.101329970493532,-0.101417378415665,-0.101515722107294,-0.101929923375745,-0.10208598116461,-0.10216455294488,-0.103793755081595,-0.1045107463265,-0.104391151801867,-0.104307208440957,-0.103095555338208,-0.10138056401568,-0.100700387141474,-0.0990420541413356,-0.0987408388348103,-0.0963531831841775,-0.0960553877412082,-0.096115593693588,-0.0962177251406877,-0.0963676261597201,-0.096442509788194,-0.0966045372874013,-0.0966922882156991,-0.096762155802613,-0.0968648796116913,-0.0969122534165248,-0.0974537510923706,-0.0977989952576554,-0.097664742057559],"lat":[51.5736522020517,51.5736765558378,51.5737404932113,51.5737488248573,51.5737619870906,51.5737733519972,51.5737847168548,51.5737933857472,51.5737988810277,51.5738043996762,51.5738081210278,51.5738118657499,51.5738131718331,51.5738151192476,51.5738152927583,51.573815466252,51.5738149984075,51.5738133745961,51.5738117507678,51.5737279872001,51.573643328101,51.5736411095282,51.5736314535763,51.5736235948215,51.5736175332636,51.5736123702643,51.5736109800071,51.5736096131532,51.5736073476544,51.5736059807863,51.5736046139112,51.573603247029,51.5736018801397,51.5736014118811,51.5736018422529,51.5735889835872,51.5736299638656,51.5737451266908,51.5739154441411,51.5739452565248,51.5739744362229,51.5739800472128,51.5740175264427,51.5740276620478,51.5740361643542,51.5740358596838,51.5740372196961,51.5740368058157,51.5740345711675,51.5740314378254,51.5740263117484,51.5740091908736,51.5739947422229,51.5739830126834,51.5739818092348,51.5739784567972,51.5739751043459,51.5739726270682,51.5739701732248,51.5739686180037,51.5739688365906,51.5739693365702,51.5739704537693,51.5739724461379,51.5739753605784,51.5739795871766,51.5739833767381,51.573988088374,51.5739934406219,51.5740035278766,51.5740293682459,51.5741023577564,51.5742191755503,51.5743202628485,51.5743418368729,51.5743571740967,51.5743646046027,51.5743735976385,51.5743861683475,51.5743937058353,51.5743898385074,51.5743815522478,51.5743786513545,51.5743721793664,51.574367481127,51.5743628063329,51.5743470957345,51.5743447817715,51.5743333997343,51.5743202497421,51.5743327604163,51.5743816504783,51.5743943132812,51.5743999514151,51.5744008612931,51.5744004908479,51.574395157121,51.5743813414514,51.5742923591708,51.5743722905119,51.5744555709008,51.5745019837458,51.5744942146241,51.5745176966368,51.5747010830662,51.5747538722745,51.574842509945,51.5748473607302,51.5748764417148,51.575037428525,51.5751199528283,51.5751840943634,51.57518966574,51.575311291732,51.5753641064901,51.5754530911945,51.575640453537,51.5755871513314,51.5755326108108,51.5754994087194,51.5754760601205,51.5754346159653,51.5753618390942,51.5752959401004,51.5752880188208,51.5752665225999,51.5752593571928,51.5751780391059,51.5752343219105,51.5752294271052,51.5751354080623,51.5750785339556,51.5750716291044,51.5749315670782,51.575252614198,51.5753476086322,51.5754923112805,51.5754810074736,51.5753660061275,51.5753444152164,51.5753246924974,51.5753308404146,51.5755542673535,51.5756077527133,51.5756131681383,51.575681724078,51.575685317915,51.5756184645585,51.5756287732897,51.575649178092,51.5756695587432,51.5757055274656,51.5757098291884,51.5756493844829,51.5756241282489,51.5756273192028,51.5756021576716,51.5756406694353,51.5756541419365,51.5756121832785,51.5756324457533,51.5756313576012,51.5756405080547,51.5757004668051,51.5757045096963,51.5756176018572,51.5756049263154,51.5756905446928,51.5758019074855,51.5758798269661,51.575925242296,51.5759644379173,51.5759906076006,51.5760934427939,51.5761414222547,51.5761934258252,51.5762641651826,51.5762686068343,51.5762798296089,51.5763017169131,51.5763570737743,51.5766194995323,51.5767301197874,51.5768622795038,51.5770191055285,51.5771511891054,51.5772450953124,51.577466965944,51.5777842818744,51.5774205516958,51.5768382042794,51.5761623686332,51.5756024924169,51.5754231353233,51.5750222185852,51.5749376693367,51.5744316058368,51.5740697498896,51.5737550587581,51.5735139268044,51.573503047951,51.5732047302903,51.5729393434491,51.5727139252792,51.5725791721276,51.5725248970977,51.5723245680102,51.5718976957714,51.571610911439,51.5713553646622,51.5709931949701,51.5707943734366,51.5706710114912,51.5706080807358,51.5705580887875,51.5705485198954,51.5705379379663,51.5705385980039,51.5704992879461,51.5704574920859,51.570419658847,51.5703627632847,51.5702987742994,51.5701965172545,51.5700731953986,51.5690059367056,51.5687435573868,51.5686629241809,51.568573461706,51.5683934595338,51.5679920001268,51.5677213113052,51.5675765651739,51.5675386201091,51.5674668273862,51.5672146172897,51.5668531232882,51.5663927300896,51.5663173895099,51.5662285936115,51.5659127324962,51.565806191066,51.5657132486177,51.565666268076,51.5653231193217,51.5652384075441,51.5651833870411,51.5645170669877,51.5644562118441,51.5644188406521,51.564379456206,51.5643097829122,51.5642834590895,51.5642571592679,51.5642309074508,51.5642046556329,51.5641775292036,51.5641594609193,51.5641323584923,51.5641052800682,51.5640782256473,51.564050296616,51.5640232902017,51.5639963077907,51.563968474773,51.5639631070949,51.5639433856026,51.5639245867271,51.5639049132408,51.5638861623708,51.5638674115001,51.5638486846316,51.5638299577622,51.5638112548946,51.5637934746419,51.5637747957741,51.5637570155186,51.5637472507786,51.5637241508442,51.563701997524,51.5636798442002,51.5636586134877,51.5636373827711,51.5636162000514,51.5636118029845,51.5634168678645,51.5632443738182,51.5632266654934,51.5632098317843,51.5631920754637,51.5631734205272,51.5631556402079,51.563136937278,51.563118234347,51.5631066483432,51.56309950742,51.5630798578834,51.5630664506557,51.5630467771236,51.563028002205,51.5630082806832,51.5629876845413,51.5629688376388,51.5629481695138,51.5629284000028,51.5629086064975,51.562888788998,51.5628698701125,51.5628500046241,51.5628436903308,51.5628264966903,51.5628084044352,51.562791210794,51.5627739691631,51.5627576501404,51.5627403845134,51.5627240174995,51.5627076264895,51.5626912354783,51.5626757190845,51.5626601786936,51.5626455369148,51.5626308711381,51.5626290499139,51.5626152587526,51.5626014915851,51.5625894976467,51.5625774797086,51.5625654377702,51.5625543184396,51.562543175108,51.5625320077748,51.5625217390513,51.5625114703236,51.5625021002056,51.5624927300833,51.5624833359574,51.5624795735057,51.5624664409183,51.5624541589354,51.5624427995565,51.5624323147807,51.5624218059926,51.5624122198088,51.5624035082258,51.562395671242,51.5623887568629,51.5623858689938,51.5623118198639,51.5622504390501,51.5622321065731,51.5619322079432,51.5617580705068,51.5616899642271,51.5617026168291,51.5617142697618,51.5617367007357,51.5617190672366,51.5616015330671,51.5614380836533,51.5614178419474,51.5613798858354,51.5613666009173,51.5613813015684,51.5614139908967,51.5614425548809,51.5616136052817,51.561716776379,51.5617433651088,51.5617636152598,51.5617797892153,51.5617876270523,51.5617785115777,51.5617127910113,51.5616260649571,51.5614142849481,51.5613139031142,51.5612281880132,51.5611739241309,51.5611607069934,51.5611660402651,51.5611620154059,51.5611681264334,51.5611903774725,51.5612159989504,51.5612681990812,51.5614199701389,51.5614560537332,51.5614782900521,51.5614982706899,51.5615088006862,51.5615118944737,51.5615041925682,51.561454302847,51.5612798570808,51.5612066564562,51.5611579006172,51.5610712633731,51.5608674935856,51.5607197933453,51.5606668667276,51.5606399948009,51.5606212146174,51.5606292403775,51.5606780804321,51.560763234577,51.5609169308158,51.5611127868881,51.5611353039077,51.5611559994995,51.5611757722674,51.5611946222095,51.561212573519,51.5612296261961,51.5612389543447,51.5612550841762,51.5612693925709,51.5612828023307,51.5612952892565,51.5613068775462,51.5613175671999,51.5613273340161,51.5613353035899,51.5613423503235,51.5613439781123,51.5613501504059,51.5613554240625,51.5613599443144,51.5613606976874,51.5613641740705,51.5613580920956,51.5613538682287,51.5613487699553,51.5613384793127,51.5613232139144,51.5612837826745,51.5610719592825,51.5609083582725,51.5608081610568,51.5606762251426,51.5603671516706,51.5602030569097,51.5601423439358,51.5600648253814,51.5599229258909,51.5596921133876,51.559396795335,51.5592380367654,51.5590720648092,51.5589822057065,51.5588778232395,51.558748473996,51.5586564771496,51.5584857435083,51.5582974504487,51.5579274214719,51.557619274257,51.5573726444501,51.5573682245271,51.5573323786525,51.5572787779772,51.5572705689571,51.5570521091082,51.5567574344908,51.5562387998864,51.5554921367544,51.5553399450602,51.5551756567622,51.5540862676659,51.5542109490382,51.5539638023786,51.5537261042874,51.5533922776579,51.552387169879,51.5517089382428,51.5515926047565,51.5515754826417,51.5515747492293,51.5516018653048,51.5515403223655,51.5514246910462,51.5513016538026,51.5511426745207,51.5509798107253,51.5508407466776,51.5506577485433,51.5504822780107,51.5502860160042,51.5500415662644,51.5494002162494,51.5489471687812,51.5483888097092,51.5479159607412,51.5476532720936,51.5475373257182,51.5471297917545,51.5467959916201,51.5462202215291,51.5459547175176,51.5455487394571,51.5452731830325,51.5450949677948,51.5449594468443,51.5448570063915,51.5445361759699,51.5443199944191,51.5438858670651,51.543643171839,51.5433830406414,51.5433641456641,51.5433943928919,51.5433459200105,51.5433938248803,51.54342976296,51.5434655781213,51.543567637871,51.5435942796078,51.5435857260583,51.5435835758778,51.5435176819932,51.5434877933666,51.5434231185111,51.5434054136777,51.5434030830188,51.5433920575178,51.543388293384,51.5433841403549,51.5433479533334,51.5433244408274,51.5432334429965,51.5432702582601,51.5433401300378,51.5433610878566,51.5432449725203,51.5431999197586,51.5431585826621,51.5431215190115,51.5428995217669,51.5427486114475,51.5426632807869,51.5425389149372,51.5424050718468,51.5423323905582,51.5422743067073,51.5422933469519,51.5425699644614,51.542875988002,51.543029450388,51.5431295499747,51.5432384597119,51.5433805730714,51.543482281238,51.5435408528285,51.5437974824056,51.5440834218525,51.5446277084138,51.5446759539318,51.5446859019606,51.5446748194543,51.5446274495667,51.5445984235971,51.5444187792136,51.5443066848432,51.5442131229897,51.5440552666964,51.5436557305349,51.5433629416213,51.5430153466091,51.5424622839144,51.5417943052892,51.5414316585383,51.5414210922039,51.5413489491524,51.5413301616686,51.5412606178441,51.5412122549228,51.5411459986919,51.5407641859153,51.5400952620416,51.5396406502162,51.5386985898678,51.5381021670933,51.5377629950051,51.5374610342336,51.537000354159,51.5365012712376,51.536461689261,51.5364984079771,51.5364839389614,51.5364241930422,51.5361410226031,51.5359057420806,51.5358699315665,51.535832636001,51.535807752904,51.5357917598727,51.5356034306508,51.5354905017896,51.5354962332053,51.5355062285625,51.5355292247754,51.5355842236424,51.5355910186339,51.5356005687825,51.535619440704,51.5356520794926,51.53569630431,51.5357373057991,51.5357789661458,51.5359910413549,51.5361990898524,51.536311189033,51.5363313058515,51.5363973228883,51.5364522798469,51.5364639848004,51.5364726220063,51.536475208153,51.5364705811898,51.5364568481158,51.5363846508329,51.5363300112305,51.5362697403268,51.5362203855237,51.5360844598843,51.5359141946541,51.5357194643617,51.5355309659607,51.5351702088631,51.5349287428114,51.5349721942493,51.5350821934946,51.5351345260386,51.5351626230721,51.5351766426287,51.5351584640169,51.5351215529389,51.5351109644898,51.5350879861688,51.5350846305599,51.53508475,51.5350427330658,51.5349834837841,51.5348183684188,51.5346053452161,51.5344263309917,51.5343417099112,51.5342014842621,51.534111379385,51.5340886243575,51.5340943623017,51.5341240834398,51.5341565810411,51.534231511038,51.5342892101198,51.5343275546951,51.5344287923958,51.5344472413325,51.5346798750467,51.5350147561677,51.5352868926876,51.5354570608282,51.5355163158341,51.5353000971393,51.5350999526186,51.5349911291906,51.5346348209058,51.5342341649652,51.5340986570764,51.5337896077035,51.5336123764336,51.5333896901134,51.5332472490644,51.533184319631,51.5330789313429,51.5329004480694,51.5331759602014,51.533217819952,51.5329364481649,51.5324614235818,51.5320171892734,51.5315038785739,51.5312264238283,51.5311403164423,51.5310931793254,51.5310309566319,51.5310267502796,51.5310027233735,51.5309576014951,51.5309228259722,51.5308763880332,51.5308396933708,51.5306900094865,51.5306463568904,51.5305691484946,51.5303401924706,51.5302133686034,51.5301425899539,51.530012832619,51.5297916507703,51.5294159031964,51.5288053506811,51.5285993495571,51.5284355603784,51.5283931349778,51.5281229496151,51.5278753479424,51.5275029018534,51.5272966574217,51.5271463903968,51.5268719042175,51.5265106974581,51.5263881740445,51.5262740473562,51.5261562788792,51.5259923965263,51.5257311544497,51.5253312154003,51.5242870510023,51.5243215614823,51.5238561648567,51.5235872371821,51.5234848636576,51.523178026654,51.5230393762271,51.5229687148675,51.5228953812262,51.5225516513875,51.5223782612154,51.5222006849707,51.5221516144073,51.5220121087994,51.522211577314,51.5221140429224,51.5219417677387,51.5218533842309,51.5215430875368,51.5215101211485,51.5216707593097,51.521889291349,51.5219534094813,51.52143206874,51.5210218490146,51.5207573529203,51.520732709297,51.5205555926966,51.5203142409595,51.5200682225799,51.5198144085483,51.5203345123723,51.5206297048976,51.5209930762788,51.5216066505714,51.522071332427,51.5224899387321,51.5234009995934,51.5236011610023,51.5239009112833,51.5238977876547,51.5239248582661,51.5244270805152,51.5245116400303,51.5245929224982,51.5248487393819,51.5252054252957,51.5254157783055,51.5258769777458,51.5262034329531,51.525901464336,51.5258644624482,51.5257890602112,51.5258495749412,51.5259194984586,51.525957840142,51.5261076590166,51.5262323056062,51.5268171190178,51.5270691186054,51.5272392241761,51.527315860425,51.5273534794401,51.5273905049749,51.5274427772794,51.5275469861968,51.5277043438624,51.5291934696191,51.5296666962288,51.529791804561,51.5298599611593,51.529925632397,51.530052004149,51.5304644903141,51.5307861896399,51.5313092723211,51.5318610637422,51.5329823720159,51.5331103529358,51.5332326393672,51.5332832272609,51.5336335361832,51.5337046460427,51.5338917185068,51.5338546259029,51.5340380779415,51.5341255396415,51.5343342208819,51.5346684622614,51.5349443100261,51.5351366516099,51.5352419880216,51.5355028653933,51.535757957992,51.5359928792584,51.5360077103129,51.53629278846,51.536547585459,51.5367792506504,51.5370256270764,51.5371377753176,51.5372206259212,51.537268376108,51.5372552477707,51.5374019664417,51.5375512689248,51.5377319712475,51.5387340321024,51.5397812820491,51.5403762188508,51.5423818982071,51.5439295594757,51.5450646602918,51.5452242173001,51.5466034856726,51.5465763148424,51.5463491005795,51.5462416665468,51.5460798026587,51.5463528035918,51.5464226133087,51.5466530885043,51.5469747981675,51.5473169400257,51.5479343211657,51.5481183974922,51.5481584334948,51.5484299124831,51.5486773644391,51.5494205442454,51.5496735993803,51.5509426119111,51.5510632614157,51.5511443726919,51.5513342385574,51.5515881156974,51.5516648495335,51.5516935094083,51.5517387221728,51.5518121443297,51.5518691034374,51.5519094810005,51.5519761772494,51.5521390365916,51.5521291640443,51.5520671793599,51.552045081412,51.5520416428652,51.5520463198883,51.5521135355357,51.552123599371,51.552139671258,51.5521619864633,51.5522046595902,51.5524276462525,51.5525054074291,51.5525337067124,51.5525731604913,51.552624473652,51.552667374887,51.5527434379591,51.5528230648472,51.5528957959017,51.5529449038628,51.5539478274411,51.5538132629523,51.553740893376,51.5539109911784,51.5539776413106,51.5540297488297,51.554073057624,51.5541386845616,51.5541458693395,51.5541500364071,51.5544232459007,51.5549330388853,51.5553606732959,51.5558024277647,51.5566926589085,51.5576717776451,51.557726031422,51.5577937951991,51.5578228801117,51.5579183398909,51.5583169783591,51.5587745675745,51.5589976264565,51.5592619683654,51.5595602163671,51.5599664337927,51.5600624867305,51.5601601727799,51.5602222340008,51.5602765595341,51.5602964076579,51.5604382972491,51.5604660990289,51.5604791790128,51.5604889605027,51.5605144316368,51.5605523682366,51.5607966644605,51.5608701769909,51.5609645037007,51.561174791702,51.5612268884868,51.560837587887,51.5614851110883,51.5624166797295,51.5624937758785,51.5625177706324,51.5625805817281,51.5626804929847,51.5627295675296,51.5627932069246,51.5631020554571,51.5632349708289,51.5632883981157,51.5643218961093,51.5647057694411,51.5647712809899,51.5648121894692,51.5655668600477,51.5666613838322,51.5671251789482,51.5683806521707,51.5686140726379,51.5704341067433,51.5706540871652,51.5706982279318,51.5708095932288,51.5709864792511,51.5710938053053,51.5713949839167,51.5715052162587,51.5715944757755,51.5718299462591,51.571939523553,51.5729680510944,51.5736166100399,51.5736522020517]}]]],null,null,{"lineCap":null,"lineJoin":null,"clickable":true,"pointerEvents":null,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"#636363","weight":2,"opacity":0.5,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#A0522D","#FF0000","#FFFF00","#FFFF00","#FFA500","#A9A9A9","#A9A9A9","#A0522D","#FF0000","#FF0000","#FFFF00","#FF0000"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"dashArray":null,"smoothFactor":1,"noClip":false},["<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Lambeth<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>3098","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Southwark<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2918","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Lewisham<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2060","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Greenwich<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1778","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Wandsworth<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2343","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Hammersmith and Fulham<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1539","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Kensington and Chelsea<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1432","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Westminster<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>3222","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Camden<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2639","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Tower Hamlets<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2744","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Islington<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2052","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Hackney<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2690"],null,null,null,null]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["darkgrey","yellow","orange","red","sienna"],"labels":[["1432 - 1539"],["1539 - 2060"],["2060 - 2343"],["2343 - 2918"],["2918 - 3222"]],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.8,"position":"bottomright","type":"unknown","title":"Number of burglaries","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend"}]}],"limits":{"lat":[51.4109910919072,51.5777842818744],"lng":[-0.259113080888369,0.124160769862762]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
Violent crimes peak in Westminster and Lambeth. There is a clear split
between higher values in central, south and east London, with lower
values in north and west london. Again, burglaries are most prevalent in
Westminster and Lambeth, with the lowest in Kensington and Chelsea and
Hammersmith and Fulham.

In terms of tourists, the crime which may potentially impact them
directly is theft from the person, so one more interactive chloropleth
will be built.

<!--html_preserve-->

<script type="application/json" data-for="htmlwidget-fcd80aa29fc5ae0969a4">{"x":{"options":{"crs":{"crsClass":"L.CRS.EPSG3857","code":null,"proj4def":null,"projectedBounds":null,"options":{}}},"calls":[{"method":"addProviderTiles","args":["OpenStreetMap.BlackAndWhite",null,null,{"errorTileUrl":"","noWrap":false,"zIndex":null,"unloadInvisibleTiles":null,"updateWhenIdle":null,"detectRetina":false,"reuseTiles":false}]},{"method":"addPolygons","args":[[[[{"lng":[-0.128455634947445,-0.128432163388321,-0.128301372654514,-0.128156854308154,-0.12797731179261,-0.127363536973151,-0.12717576338257,-0.126934071360691,-0.126744745580826,-0.126378532706936,-0.125871477636893,-0.125657235544201,-0.125550171273484,-0.1255336372682,-0.125398741957919,-0.125195165768775,-0.125023439786387,-0.124902202125567,-0.124733387560771,-0.124701055725083,-0.124650416489954,-0.124275047094054,-0.124206397783297,-0.124201673693253,-0.124366588080307,-0.124125652094317,-0.12407888998423,-0.124002970980199,-0.123788612190135,-0.123768238482684,-0.123601001161347,-0.123477316281386,-0.123022320593474,-0.122692369352852,-0.122399063697235,-0.122132880100655,-0.121930919718916,-0.121757819790942,-0.121347662750312,-0.121319161122614,-0.121195663971159,-0.121007212872539,-0.120881533371428,-0.120632506801388,-0.120411409539012,-0.120000911599154,-0.119803367688059,-0.119897066540083,-0.119753324891885,-0.119703738975734,-0.119375794170394,-0.119335503196735,-0.119303666830593,-0.119231797813058,-0.119153394301821,-0.119051210234673,-0.118936139309758,-0.118820589630902,-0.118350300596186,-0.118188813670015,-0.11782141713826,-0.117512810994673,-0.117440665261988,-0.117418397908751,-0.116992879752831,-0.117013290058702,-0.116837662754509,-0.116087888653272,-0.115902034512927,-0.115692767931238,-0.115408134799704,-0.114946068097897,-0.114488319095693,-0.113948111681145,-0.113620863574718,-0.113102408981944,-0.112677826373962,-0.111457495390538,-0.111307576802072,-0.11121353396892,-0.111104913908871,-0.110813654614294,-0.110303630729712,-0.110293232526115,-0.109901443323428,-0.109799074858124,-0.10952071732036,-0.109141913845772,-0.108924883868241,-0.108921568267822,-0.10886237549233,-0.108799719202591,-0.108593107544482,-0.108506405348497,-0.108424487434246,-0.108406410812298,-0.108290974950897,-0.108245002506987,-0.108175580065139,-0.107363630164876,-0.106596874979164,-0.106592704003045,-0.106465728355404,-0.106434584829859,-0.106434673905379,-0.106467163087679,-0.106545656312531,-0.106566499178206,-0.106599583456355,-0.106519907059012,-0.106518467116097,-0.106395616843142,-0.10745801285948,-0.106751587115696,-0.10613685599522,-0.106080850925115,-0.106050665746304,-0.106065016598483,-0.106086926292777,-0.106115551072437,-0.105947706082938,-0.105986633675907,-0.106527342844517,-0.106704050046637,-0.106825807325895,-0.107846543368885,-0.108188874403924,-0.10822802224583,-0.108353632044803,-0.109121121078204,-0.109470475554524,-0.10952016608596,-0.109516292974489,-0.11029541411803,-0.110303913665922,-0.110295109091069,-0.111442589512862,-0.110972915771445,-0.110957394970709,-0.11081359340432,-0.11066442329476,-0.110584358238957,-0.1105073955807,-0.109399474041069,-0.107159019799374,-0.105742098371294,-0.105337813426614,-0.104896248847506,-0.104886954160455,-0.104793933162109,-0.104699091394382,-0.104519085271602,-0.104400601497136,-0.10425736181815,-0.104105127695954,-0.103943131118745,-0.103883362891612,-0.103731670897859,-0.10371218810034,-0.103582932172555,-0.103405723630887,-0.103527460263388,-0.10315625592931,-0.103395991081152,-0.103159816116721,-0.103258608574527,-0.103260234612508,-0.10339300874218,-0.103803304252124,-0.10418850124072,-0.104711053563001,-0.105519911267549,-0.108121530597101,-0.108452541587564,-0.108281139575671,-0.108136714556622,-0.107991843755115,-0.107844529680475,-0.106357649718072,-0.106550188188595,-0.106615938990546,-0.106926337015,-0.107222609284364,-0.106823372783598,-0.106328661096587,-0.105663970716248,-0.105635780758837,-0.105904955448762,-0.106043785424585,-0.105634091348254,-0.105421903314004,-0.105326802752964,-0.105280783570095,-0.10515564216261,-0.104898594072733,-0.104623756311086,-0.104640486552907,-0.104621119600515,-0.104046927654568,-0.104086010341361,-0.105006647314523,-0.105557089603563,-0.108085430623045,-0.108178395566074,-0.108214970868019,-0.108237786209294,-0.108245960180632,-0.108219433323344,-0.108068152901533,-0.107854291844197,-0.107203048506367,-0.10555431759098,-0.10362194567469,-0.101511453065508,-0.099997740976233,-0.100111647754198,-0.100169880524097,-0.100337881317932,-0.100591397569127,-0.100682692442977,-0.100654260990389,-0.100619683547777,-0.100573444801043,-0.100368029436796,-0.0997752893702828,-0.0995429098908314,-0.0993751360650362,-0.0992474334474209,-0.0991772221429038,-0.0989171233913251,-0.0971357628188549,-0.0959975000282025,-0.0950698926553567,-0.0947971482659646,-0.0944529229086342,-0.0943231924644651,-0.0942006935322806,-0.0941056830613472,-0.094065184945073,-0.0939992673298241,-0.0937270775084951,-0.0936632491155117,-0.0936237391186136,-0.0934869520590795,-0.0930802884450569,-0.0930310949395317,-0.0930244998512468,-0.0929465616748272,-0.0929288684510765,-0.0928490504994044,-0.0927819718339203,-0.0927401629361927,-0.0927176510412408,-0.0922653723477624,-0.0911462831738996,-0.090136374203225,-0.0900946118561343,-0.0900797108957687,-0.0900711653544129,-0.0900718902215393,-0.0901060546855581,-0.0906671562090707,-0.0909398247524394,-0.0911241995488632,-0.091539165570828,-0.0922118378358392,-0.0923277579504083,-0.0925519020649065,-0.0927585114361575,-0.0928400309874869,-0.0929383112076425,-0.0930942160572327,-0.093650403610643,-0.0941425734491183,-0.0945719628974304,-0.0947296329092198,-0.0948668631366539,-0.0950254124268761,-0.0951226615459069,-0.0951486128456053,-0.0952081568287627,-0.0955036731893316,-0.0956649090738962,-0.0958371617594443,-0.0962014601447046,-0.0965759929453036,-0.0972070722877583,-0.0976021978497242,-0.097848936725316,-0.0985913504025859,-0.0991175250084095,-0.10004487902922,-0.100627648453566,-0.10093841598063,-0.101005807066658,-0.101118639871499,-0.101162717913169,-0.101034847931043,-0.101038816918812,-0.101060647912818,-0.101106088960169,-0.101335188613494,-0.10138748479303,-0.101468839693784,-0.101478955014478,-0.101474537969342,-0.1014571760995,-0.101425356614144,-0.101380517914753,-0.101340314102183,-0.101322660081619,-0.101132041690351,-0.100957917362107,-0.100877831540179,-0.100830922413783,-0.100802263621038,-0.10078923954874,-0.100792576239457,-0.100766310965807,-0.100760984341784,-0.100322240532102,-0.100205144650602,-0.1001476142623,-0.100068808441065,-0.0999931776377308,-0.0999236730201163,-0.0998587817389451,-0.099808683540341,-0.09972346696146,-0.09964555393108,-0.0995648937906818,-0.099427350284342,-0.0994170155869637,-0.0994035088333959,-0.0993447224436567,-0.0993041508536991,-0.0992533625468289,-0.0988920973634439,-0.098451457449247,-0.097958563115656,-0.097429907456029,-0.0961080468773939,-0.0959035206901986,-0.0956977828041644,-0.095251652472972,-0.0951405711764687,-0.0950965917468412,-0.09504008451223,-0.0950250543923147,-0.0950131827949268,-0.095017096373745,-0.0950433085822126,-0.0950375597891429,-0.0950162370568107,-0.0949531018357642,-0.0945074150140546,-0.0941057388709957,-0.0940045637343108,-0.0937990397597614,-0.0936341132154877,-0.0933570520452688,-0.093206695995834,-0.0930026842035505,-0.0928745131757003,-0.0927679966850386,-0.0925404975299914,-0.0922584223039,-0.0920401011941158,-0.0919894908791749,-0.0918980808233454,-0.0918379222241825,-0.0917263598700368,-0.0914889791340815,-0.0911946296091531,-0.0909813439119362,-0.0906654019874723,-0.0905778370374286,-0.0904647872654138,-0.0902254332143741,-0.0900233120684781,-0.0895930476435753,-0.0893087716693844,-0.0888910059982563,-0.0884971370860261,-0.0883196140646263,-0.0882261339818956,-0.0881149531044068,-0.0878738409981819,-0.0876807568947271,-0.0872577249751485,-0.0866133848147125,-0.0861213555364493,-0.0860455025418357,-0.0859971510839545,-0.0859168623493054,-0.0858904875510219,-0.0858687259179832,-0.0858563408143665,-0.0858874372061276,-0.0859453211509348,-0.0860665215240595,-0.0860986896810659,-0.0861005672503296,-0.0860923820133391,-0.0860740588964802,-0.0860401106320127,-0.085991599286027,-0.0859043120813636,-0.0857947484327235,-0.0854381514165939,-0.0852617560662454,-0.0852507817952168,-0.0851727123874748,-0.084955258032014,-0.0846522792419742,-0.0843723902865001,-0.0840788454897497,-0.0838627587636848,-0.0836831665506885,-0.0836317237734448,-0.0836183955943412,-0.0835855386706141,-0.0835369659417258,-0.0835111353768931,-0.0834953204861383,-0.0834766833972043,-0.0834389353396013,-0.0828437769747725,-0.0820318096750869,-0.0817794448168125,-0.0817265621244566,-0.0816945482574275,-0.0811585421920842,-0.0808969591287436,-0.0808519118866049,-0.0803434169897717,-0.0800773684175798,-0.07985629752438,-0.0798288686933545,-0.0796298318661041,-0.0795159189868912,-0.0794651482853821,-0.0789308926627323,-0.0791498725630449,-0.0792617243026313,-0.0792690880220753,-0.0792555060306174,-0.0792228942259612,-0.0791975500004482,-0.0791609333273337,-0.0783067237968765,-0.0783251777099196,-0.0783359550463311,-0.0784042423494057,-0.078445069759069,-0.0784952693731978,-0.0785298723391818,-0.0785598618731803,-0.0785894967354631,-0.0785486445997827,-0.0786747059325303,-0.0791036085662879,-0.0793248690412652,-0.079714667797454,-0.0800921016149498,-0.0802920342861109,-0.0805951500253867,-0.0817429064416849,-0.0823460019433232,-0.0828770290740143,-0.0828871652757861,-0.08333403082541,-0.0838952582914956,-0.0850113927836352,-0.0855390023342146,-0.0858634776856259,-0.0860791812806259,-0.0861853518142108,-0.0864256877898429,-0.0866194683313222,-0.0868266838852326,-0.0869707722655463,-0.0877645474663679,-0.0880109231579662,-0.0881903844331427,-0.0884521347707611,-0.0890476957522391,-0.089367409966179,-0.0895841620288754,-0.0897204354039209,-0.0898148257028126,-0.0899094784705271,-0.0900440021702079,-0.0901972864901477,-0.0908428636510858,-0.0911014421539691,-0.0913948325904475,-0.0917688965447009,-0.0921406961310636,-0.0923077918887945,-0.0927344339409969,-0.0930086314427238,-0.0932064454061299,-0.0934344075584487,-0.0936442451236628,-0.0939189525833113,-0.094101089929529,-0.0943467342977041,-0.0945914646606739,-0.0948395182438721,-0.096186056839888,-0.0969061337633325,-0.0972356501212261,-0.0975128602203416,-0.0978099322460667,-0.0981081429681758,-0.0983887691919363,-0.0988127984673237,-0.100144453835513,-0.100773263613555,-0.104228232419493,-0.10461684949332,-0.105115860798123,-0.105797569041782,-0.105987342138693,-0.106054936793053,-0.106185553873346,-0.106515114513129,-0.107020796152175,-0.107887061591383,-0.108688241856067,-0.109212025319865,-0.109373711327656,-0.109603363937253,-0.109850051863475,-0.109940720234624,-0.11006736105115,-0.110491073122996,-0.110904752155902,-0.111524752597918,-0.112052907389508,-0.112685587274532,-0.112712090229928,-0.112753461548745,-0.113026867288626,-0.113295063982963,-0.113822753528229,-0.113959994177693,-0.1139863536728,-0.114082352918961,-0.114130568866933,-0.11422091797691,-0.114456393427084,-0.114462179902226,-0.114492475674703,-0.114512709840579,-0.114536304609901,-0.114580471321397,-0.114872110404472,-0.114854275239501,-0.115327058368022,-0.115382093072854,-0.115448548071108,-0.115593995642348,-0.115715110187881,-0.115907873400006,-0.116166457416875,-0.1165593400993,-0.116925613497111,-0.117107827643242,-0.117746315730853,-0.117782836813534,-0.117847518559311,-0.118108272496984,-0.118234575721536,-0.118369982236669,-0.118452390539855,-0.11886700734038,-0.119095542682318,-0.119507095318385,-0.119846669759458,-0.120021950576688,-0.120052765641598,-0.120132960667734,-0.12022852331484,-0.120334552709457,-0.120473232186037,-0.12068414144419,-0.120786333369108,-0.120849240293247,-0.120846439536881,-0.120852409603601,-0.120795657396348,-0.120771703578704,-0.12085657424786,-0.120921839203336,-0.120968199161626,-0.121050526563229,-0.121135064743232,-0.121212010969504,-0.121334100018215,-0.1214847848346,-0.121574185327428,-0.121603739486433,-0.121703677571218,-0.121936131330097,-0.12220576489015,-0.122274453288241,-0.122481401069547,-0.122504210656441,-0.122531626304488,-0.122494332177642,-0.122480986764987,-0.122582878602635,-0.122993357363086,-0.123015908816914,-0.123122733020249,-0.123405659797363,-0.123675768415499,-0.12391525674219,-0.124074337571853,-0.124192316842671,-0.124310662835905,-0.124393856913719,-0.124458712119612,-0.124495880228078,-0.124528001079933,-0.124547891912492,-0.124508970919817,-0.124467543652168,-0.124497943846299,-0.124936516733132,-0.124937990621449,-0.125589076176547,-0.125676945612457,-0.125786040177035,-0.126018645265098,-0.126230430141373,-0.126259874516405,-0.126271555097447,-0.126615043153648,-0.127339194090277,-0.127428252325597,-0.127751756082711,-0.127758055147565,-0.127780230341002,-0.127888157980778,-0.127924011565335,-0.132099896662756,-0.132101333755385,-0.132714542131917,-0.133203924326635,-0.133572399927683,-0.133567795818375,-0.133480829893482,-0.13337404632703,-0.133354229133978,-0.133577952551379,-0.133739316321646,-0.133753055402708,-0.133768853713552,-0.133803324465828,-0.133832136691109,-0.133858337511393,-0.133865649467516,-0.133922321275203,-0.134096157977635,-0.134099983365213,-0.134424266121947,-0.134792696669797,-0.13501692543501,-0.135215057072569,-0.135479659249554,-0.13590770747438,-0.136652228681157,-0.137542801528669,-0.13810202345136,-0.138273062866413,-0.138524360690671,-0.138673466401289,-0.139375872491717,-0.13940856083909,-0.139550140177419,-0.140016182868894,-0.141209586053554,-0.142046367516001,-0.142582260404961,-0.142675492012331,-0.143029852879177,-0.144235592020628,-0.144402806774704,-0.144485449703617,-0.144575314497773,-0.144623084731567,-0.144806470399126,-0.144832447448117,-0.144869994100105,-0.145170023528612,-0.145506343956206,-0.145823982018076,-0.146804383532772,-0.147530627349595,-0.148090403757366,-0.147891820766353,-0.147611998350463,-0.147568614011584,-0.147329625308052,-0.147083375858757,-0.146865080820767,-0.146684239992983,-0.146407801831631,-0.146141058478898,-0.146139621310394,-0.145676568197194,-0.145185020261458,-0.144347519788092,-0.144351685814041,-0.14466754172554,-0.145009452488029,-0.144916361334944,-0.1437336431634,-0.143048790040508,-0.143260352866332,-0.141598529051137,-0.140405494752076,-0.139509898827732,-0.139046762255499,-0.138519110930354,-0.138171703589366,-0.137851931036043,-0.138302061314228,-0.138516606450055,-0.138530592292179,-0.138825117852714,-0.138866506581606,-0.138922158756224,-0.138932923226227,-0.138926413757535,-0.138871916501968,-0.138764492707366,-0.138541377515274,-0.138489413983481,-0.138437233308592,-0.138411108755534,-0.138394222797694,-0.138364627100931,-0.138385737843622,-0.138382463270683,-0.138382390212501,-0.138387045012409,-0.138398535918847,-0.137711865188074,-0.137223228720877,-0.136707716433853,-0.135930953451802,-0.135495550897682,-0.13537942978969,-0.135332096812983,-0.135264182248907,-0.135364988199971,-0.135594044813573,-0.135869692057119,-0.136150255057233,-0.136455597568822,-0.136522574237384,-0.13668618801318,-0.136931901315918,-0.137598979853489,-0.137857583541824,-0.138228777521511,-0.139110238463698,-0.139489628323096,-0.139648099374187,-0.139697625222881,-0.139759061017731,-0.139805082744063,-0.139877384990536,-0.139972939086074,-0.139912604839843,-0.139737149598729,-0.139381248135705,-0.139325293548115,-0.139119203996465,-0.138981959773895,-0.138508993160534,-0.138306848405831,-0.138003196962673,-0.137815477505515,-0.13768372603967,-0.13750418086666,-0.137401295266007,-0.137383478701173,-0.137381492348265,-0.137303354429347,-0.137259898657787,-0.13725980095914,-0.137301879418514,-0.137286305256631,-0.13747598205927,-0.137487863544698,-0.13751834113913,-0.137497636786352,-0.137477224864496,-0.137433244803409,-0.137371898974046,-0.137048586543168,-0.137047038864715,-0.137011418628809,-0.136807525528614,-0.136688365263256,-0.136424240542724,-0.136104211428924,-0.135941865685118,-0.135904030302223,-0.13598006283615,-0.136023276867431,-0.136395509492335,-0.136416885660881,-0.136751142692421,-0.137351542017351,-0.137370345974172,-0.137885144957469,-0.13904175197888,-0.140804329352142,-0.141615520990297,-0.142358688306549,-0.142768671607667,-0.143271215544749,-0.143620746018612,-0.143823619507832,-0.144003546047174,-0.144337834134178,-0.144467146896157,-0.144594185015967,-0.14474971375206,-0.144854929024878,-0.145146059783223,-0.145406958130769,-0.145603491085663,-0.145687979027091,-0.145696480678902,-0.145678603887794,-0.145589219755579,-0.145586470909457,-0.145566209467677,-0.145440413773798,-0.145283375391459,-0.145174942972024,-0.144937083514845,-0.144795221274943,-0.144647607053157,-0.144068747593553,-0.14361726891556,-0.143360173809905,-0.143073614191755,-0.142953301005233,-0.142820933837657,-0.142583743483739,-0.142443739774792,-0.14237261191223,-0.142327935919123,-0.142322636054121,-0.143147423439467,-0.143612289191087,-0.143768645666085,-0.144621475243336,-0.146569772482711,-0.147359944859507,-0.147729989815446,-0.147378014758044,-0.147631060829538,-0.147651125425807,-0.147780674414259,-0.147958023813109,-0.148001656770303,-0.1479699417333,-0.147976942510853,-0.148080133856551,-0.148153901906247,-0.148333429116793,-0.148340791231727,-0.148365722793896,-0.148664622769225,-0.14896436596369,-0.149217219484626,-0.14929908852732,-0.149390467703309,-0.149671310636056,-0.149693477708396,-0.149702639551016,-0.149785293435531,-0.149930470525412,-0.150054847132415,-0.150384793337291,-0.150462437872661,-0.150535730391458,-0.150660554465939,-0.150731777235593,-0.150793133141798,-0.150967264984522,-0.150982575894671,-0.150991820536176,-0.151231440776376,-0.150470385432594,-0.150565707922629,-0.150641475648971,-0.150643219361426,-0.150618707584456,-0.15034529735977,-0.149429105499227,-0.147298420822349,-0.146114549751295,-0.143240731508532,-0.143100405044462,-0.142676865558519,-0.141583978595376,-0.141495707066829,-0.141784401177271,-0.140981336509298,-0.140342638428323,-0.139866906594007,-0.139741292312205,-0.139316231136524,-0.139455972006275,-0.139578566067387,-0.13959971183484,-0.139502107721296,-0.139448975615883,-0.139270423241419,-0.139209474594352,-0.139159732313647,-0.139066285214347,-0.138746615389697,-0.138726920290969,-0.138678677816737,-0.138516013519783,-0.138349190603968,-0.138042859248309,-0.137849022389014,-0.137492551566589,-0.136918036893619,-0.136660960608793,-0.136492601886568,-0.136388350136404,-0.136374363044888,-0.136358900340684,-0.136343401018312,-0.136327901701608,-0.136310963396635,-0.136293988472524,-0.13627557456055,-0.136258599647836,-0.136080091248305,-0.135909923757828,-0.135787169730419,-0.135704414379685,-0.135596573204696,-0.135348765997193,-0.135238908700959,-0.135071693474869,-0.134798788605454,-0.134747570687607,-0.134721998398648,-0.134557768238402,-0.134486349288335,-0.134494241129245,-0.134502032056657,-0.13453725629124,-0.134479218523145,-0.134449154728915,-0.134461785208729,-0.134533929325043,-0.134706485337658,-0.135230572700357,-0.134872832032163,-0.134857818342357,-0.134952915412768,-0.134710816358809,-0.134527853658549,-0.134520328388082,-0.134244027297499,-0.134111659568437,-0.134057228864073,-0.133980314972322,-0.133883428269518,-0.133883435069424,-0.133833679708412,-0.133646005365873,-0.133319289629018,-0.13309478670857,-0.132632231914222,-0.132275060519122,-0.13210720693736,-0.132061425051187,-0.131992638614136,-0.131989613404247,-0.131988174234073,-0.131969545631798,-0.131877099887468,-0.131829554833591,-0.131736233738392,-0.131611697163077,-0.131544406160754,-0.131412327669543,-0.131344882250843,-0.131168547730105,-0.130985059354685,-0.130853681715717,-0.130661757702418,-0.130644934085059,-0.130583341377803,-0.130567883443736,-0.130441377616564,-0.13037057894711,-0.130352830338586,-0.130348292115677,-0.130311392382061,-0.130219991155674,-0.130188995280464,-0.129947544105655,-0.129459037650374,-0.129168138126041,-0.128635486439486,-0.127989872366079,-0.127496477292734,-0.127405731835023,-0.127279859397038,-0.127161070390208,-0.127049050673229,-0.1268735114221,-0.12636370163664,-0.126531888111467,-0.127052352814204,-0.127727240296149,-0.128035930845084,-0.128171746425765,-0.128368339650401,-0.128455634947445],"lat":[51.4850487577115,51.4850591741619,51.4851227322577,51.48520495545,51.4852983096526,51.4855843646141,51.4857027653205,51.4858715620724,51.4859926350706,51.4862826394758,51.4866351382742,51.4868016733688,51.486918663779,51.4869354853446,51.4870286500733,51.4872511087148,51.48746958,51.4876510896298,51.4878336368096,51.4878493063642,51.4878547913119,51.4877705522877,51.4878288050618,51.4878386213096,51.4879617595473,51.4882519622316,51.4883384419964,51.4885035898172,51.489163811181,51.489203951719,51.4894179964762,51.4895886744116,51.4902153678943,51.490743344872,51.4912907920471,51.4919142102888,51.4924469323997,51.4930133888558,51.4943700902219,51.4944676524683,51.4949135031617,51.4957476905483,51.4961413490885,51.4973621441001,51.4986391398795,51.5008771001186,51.5016859601867,51.5017549064445,51.5023766846624,51.5023911769912,51.5038472071491,51.5039508745622,51.5040591738124,51.5042648497906,51.5044542343481,51.5046612225422,51.5048662054434,51.5050477999406,51.5057254872634,51.505902747095,51.5062511576633,51.5065015927944,51.5064689608539,51.5064847899986,51.5067747127528,51.5068388875009,51.5069394818541,51.5072997317538,51.507368686544,51.5074462574311,51.5075343072176,51.5076617695407,51.5077892994698,51.5079244941545,51.5079974662463,51.5080943389869,51.5081513543758,51.5083547254226,51.5083559082741,51.5083301139095,51.5082735100342,51.5081033558958,51.5081356057504,51.5082127741263,51.5082433302168,51.5082794491234,51.5083199253306,51.5083848598956,51.5084407114991,51.5084163781536,51.508071009038,51.5077049011519,51.5077528268325,51.5077586225888,51.5074749352899,51.5074242854496,51.5071148782822,51.5070071253768,51.5069088859945,51.5070639465731,51.5052944250877,51.5052907607269,51.5049820645071,51.5048295874517,51.504688405735,51.5044955903041,51.5043053161161,51.5042543950409,51.5040472010799,51.5036403503096,51.5036403270612,51.5033712645254,51.503012524634,51.5022223669249,51.5025226847534,51.5024138695951,51.5022730981663,51.5022049864567,51.5021630752432,51.5021329627974,51.5020457220739,51.502010380516,51.5015838717798,51.5016658592178,51.5015787984448,51.5007985308127,51.5005342767682,51.5004935424916,51.5003480906476,51.4991060054832,51.498497445846,51.4983759480334,51.4983650945218,51.4968749944281,51.4968436574153,51.496777869821,51.4964474432471,51.4955765923826,51.4954990063073,51.4954229507544,51.4954070587184,51.4953922799127,51.4953721554995,51.4949559282866,51.4941626120676,51.4936954996991,51.4936134308592,51.4935271611335,51.4935081265191,51.4933195776455,51.4930707490032,51.4929302531488,51.4927305012599,51.4925024720469,51.4922482187509,51.4919515422729,51.4919685610311,51.4920137688372,51.4919972671453,51.4918836689267,51.4917800861051,51.4916930284119,51.4914739004137,51.4913204078911,51.4911799006381,51.4910556025052,51.4910511325159,51.490871629915,51.4904610094687,51.4900301981615,51.4895521465094,51.4887693736197,51.4861549680086,51.4858482654888,51.4857438842786,51.4856489306401,51.4855647607247,51.4855048311731,51.4848900160455,51.4846925905776,51.4845308864821,51.4840610895701,51.4836540119241,51.483521670582,51.4832951623668,51.482965189098,51.4829503455346,51.4827802376843,51.4826970505754,51.4824350428954,51.4822032028865,51.4821000499927,51.4820984071315,51.4820945864213,51.4818332441989,51.4815842034551,51.4814585776044,51.4814393801073,51.4809076275622,51.4809028639439,51.4807900513685,51.4807135162815,51.480415317648,51.480396134646,51.4803823366114,51.4803530291657,51.4802947092123,51.4802744975379,51.4802064107969,51.4801193288296,51.4798480327598,51.479146961825,51.4783414624043,51.4775267518895,51.4768727506239,51.4767307147164,51.4766462285461,51.4762766567624,51.4747843944652,51.4744585425299,51.4743456743893,51.4742767704482,51.4742112746263,51.473991224903,51.4734240782876,51.4730561112497,51.4726235449547,51.4722662666638,51.4721886912187,51.471933580318,51.4706924786734,51.469880850578,51.470200308365,51.4703532474712,51.4705284050227,51.4706009352195,51.4706726835596,51.4707412815706,51.4707801907646,51.4708762394752,51.4716029141915,51.4717178811781,51.4717675974287,51.4719056580878,51.4721274572327,51.4720295368535,51.4720150413975,51.4709490476284,51.47075182146,51.4701453197711,51.4699239094002,51.4698216126626,51.4697744848178,51.4690881834427,51.4676131634509,51.4663179646841,51.4662147683868,51.4661578720751,51.4660866910871,51.4660003736482,51.4657338490899,51.4632942948095,51.4628320175052,51.4625535502386,51.4619928708741,51.4611207425392,51.4610336017781,51.4608367131138,51.4607150768916,51.4606588502011,51.460580414515,51.4604318742517,51.4600047769236,51.4595937222896,51.459169055564,51.4590124484711,51.4588627031173,51.4586503555875,51.4584927661555,51.4584572172859,51.4583754525244,51.4578811624385,51.457604110722,51.4574081714419,51.4571631935137,51.4568797123064,51.4564151459301,51.4561553765739,51.4560370804857,51.4556984115118,51.4554020942286,51.454768758596,51.4543915188628,51.4541519539034,51.4540541266138,51.4538671090198,51.453776098121,51.4532155842652,51.4530852553517,51.4530100708503,51.4529208805709,51.4526026550121,51.4525216690228,51.4523647162235,51.4522596662065,51.4521579778885,51.4520560799239,51.451955746333,51.4518570003999,51.4517853074248,51.4517598421106,51.4515670099667,51.4513582579496,51.4512418547966,51.451158362574,51.4510859571719,51.4510183013821,51.450660448433,51.4503569709723,51.4503119214777,51.450306610881,51.4503191014799,51.4503181691149,51.4503096977922,51.4502940837651,51.4502695763461,51.4502379495516,51.4501966706075,51.4500999672569,51.450000684447,51.4498635879537,51.4495367236917,51.4494043642998,51.4493483909325,51.449204454791,51.4491417477348,51.4490824720616,51.4487366918479,51.4484309890868,51.4481361272053,51.4477669430884,51.4467463982053,51.4465083680161,51.4462649221739,51.4457118198803,51.4455454493195,51.4454611029744,51.4452974176793,51.445209045427,51.4450793582976,51.4448815835292,51.4447012571748,51.4446319203185,51.4445218634237,51.4443445813597,51.4434012018594,51.4428182423082,51.4426907000246,51.4424427576938,51.4422566253173,51.441964353945,51.4417739616028,51.4414208282636,51.4410779211494,51.4408369832835,51.440322498223,51.4395984946164,51.4391057401892,51.4389736234664,51.4388192601623,51.4387436417222,51.4386240216039,51.4383126075818,51.4378491885237,51.4374086713512,51.4366697234783,51.436457868583,51.4360981186371,51.4351445928934,51.4343679295929,51.4327836023129,51.4318041623016,51.4305419732414,51.4297073244399,51.4294454398531,51.4293413985321,51.4292478596134,51.4290964462825,51.4290006714468,51.4288651731174,51.4287242620282,51.4285876331423,51.4285783010699,51.4285649217199,51.4285240427242,51.4285011302757,51.4284710990119,51.4284232355052,51.4282987450126,51.4281872817401,51.4280408816589,51.4279595735069,51.4279146407323,51.4278695436353,51.4278260795251,51.4277778639078,51.4277339068011,51.4276884171499,51.4276596497162,51.4274838633296,51.4273676738437,51.4273549047939,51.4272610046567,51.4269570959407,51.4265312871155,51.4261382285314,51.4257278598775,51.425391597638,51.4250082704014,51.4247250586757,51.424527900738,51.4241442746833,51.423689349313,51.4234128511613,51.4231032437949,51.4229986237489,51.4230069991578,51.4231366518318,51.423325702512,51.4233755284858,51.4233674687778,51.423307592975,51.422333901801,51.4218485092207,51.4218594620816,51.4219806291575,51.422048212711,51.4221408128698,51.422108889023,51.4218817095502,51.4217512473026,51.4216928620287,51.4215707978361,51.4211850029972,51.4209871981437,51.4209144779208,51.4208953706468,51.4208498726442,51.4208368674811,51.4208182819367,51.4206091367607,51.4205806626913,51.4205637532652,51.4204101984003,51.4202597903478,51.4200573782445,51.420021075479,51.4199918912313,51.4198682777411,51.4198478240153,51.4198256104374,51.4197499082287,51.4197211608369,51.4196861819843,51.419671682498,51.4196713605462,51.4196799223661,51.4197481742434,51.4197715331573,51.4197298618904,51.4197282291599,51.4196698914764,51.4195594657099,51.4193519919254,51.4192886703076,51.4192678915146,51.4192687165465,51.4192749467124,51.4193058492556,51.4193494802811,51.4194158120492,51.4194784152104,51.4197575533628,51.4198506007776,51.4199272685405,51.420065529292,51.420545559611,51.4208115603489,51.4209598761326,51.4210376360312,51.4210850372478,51.4211261477802,51.4211769007031,51.4212261606466,51.4214731866372,51.4215844115972,51.4217231809704,51.421928010508,51.422221829573,51.4223540442694,51.422539942557,51.4226217415385,51.4226726213016,51.4227248904408,51.4227633752941,51.4227984184579,51.4228112724646,51.4228188639414,51.4228138502851,51.4227980989184,51.4227579305446,51.4226671088118,51.4226292941751,51.4226041185673,51.4225855595488,51.422574212401,51.4225706725929,51.4225775518623,51.4225838585307,51.4225778632731,51.4226463898669,51.4226400855572,51.4226076875728,51.4225746433085,51.4225768110216,51.4225770040978,51.4225836111212,51.4226141154387,51.4226987218233,51.4228637870699,51.4230376875179,51.4231369647667,51.4231575584492,51.4231693562639,51.4231517525668,51.4231505169796,51.4231489621376,51.4231288159753,51.4231426786923,51.423176051407,51.4232043442993,51.4232442099705,51.4232293492234,51.4231328946608,51.4229205737274,51.4227648220829,51.4224549754291,51.4223007117185,51.4222543740592,51.422088655338,51.4220354752156,51.4219371104349,51.4216675221162,51.4216667159443,51.4216645055471,51.4216621332733,51.4216130532139,51.4215184415167,51.4212470580776,51.4212260880766,51.4209216464197,51.4208424967178,51.4208004005461,51.4206561588383,51.4205789707076,51.4204732585149,51.4203757981507,51.4202652080192,51.4201371029822,51.4200779811802,51.4198004721269,51.4198217417871,51.4197877091859,51.4196372227168,51.4195736043176,51.419498441479,51.4194530026887,51.4192681147202,51.4191665685698,51.4189861255109,51.418807224121,51.4185663348533,51.4183060419938,51.4181742369857,51.4180183982268,51.417782692576,51.4175574023829,51.4172541348773,51.4171469623422,51.4170859216599,51.4170840782194,51.417078778348,51.4170598830309,51.4170478084746,51.4169772280457,51.4169989576234,51.4169556368919,51.4168769221515,51.4167793582069,51.4166564930403,51.4165199632218,51.4163524173237,51.4162414420099,51.4161870604671,51.4159944207241,51.415796710426,51.4155690203542,51.4155071722849,51.4153000595878,51.4152698499561,51.41523251998,51.4151950526,51.4150293738062,51.4150346031968,51.415054667235,51.4150307482344,51.4149155544793,51.4147141532915,51.4146501339335,51.4146314863526,51.4146097526906,51.4143976157874,51.4141764919724,51.41400606363,51.4140026052504,51.4138323394991,51.4136799782852,51.4135804780504,51.4134773388324,51.4133651668259,51.4133602577449,51.4132908380406,51.4132899623564,51.4129118948266,51.4127676190805,51.4126317761136,51.4127811769892,51.412912259178,51.4129307152793,51.4129264057043,51.412790712285,51.4125244128204,51.4124916637775,51.4123169792889,51.4123035909315,51.4122535862989,51.4120053145048,51.4120076857862,51.4122928405978,51.4122928635033,51.4123484982471,51.4124785949235,51.4125761889936,51.4125833097904,51.4127060233369,51.4128562983937,51.412883859972,51.4129341850279,51.4126795649368,51.4126599998906,51.4126251801244,51.4125555863539,51.412413061974,51.4121580878294,51.4120844645017,51.4118227814186,51.4110144119031,51.4109910919072,51.4110789870809,51.4111774759309,51.411215216618,51.4112228658529,51.4112225796702,51.4113049274575,51.4114552545982,51.4116564584921,51.4118020328185,51.4118748927676,51.411954422904,51.4120008551819,51.4121972577334,51.4122067693592,51.4122261030754,51.4123647933105,51.4127587212662,51.4131173079436,51.4133425253229,51.4133484992498,51.4131562766313,51.4125719695787,51.4124909857635,51.4124743089969,51.4124568472468,51.4124135396053,51.4123948604578,51.4123925738868,51.4123886719263,51.4125435980305,51.4125480212824,51.4125521479851,51.4125604612692,51.4127374077934,51.412870353219,51.4130515640621,51.4133214168798,51.4133629965224,51.413583135342,51.4138049574099,51.4139399924233,51.4140378502685,51.414188151693,51.4143475984679,51.4143475757339,51.4146316113884,51.41490889941,51.4153479712016,51.4153516342208,51.4155778538641,51.415799988714,51.4158614636728,51.4166565702113,51.4171250284305,51.4172632699317,51.4184158648187,51.4192494429033,51.4198764040928,51.4201954838109,51.4205800825663,51.4208470411073,51.4211063443373,51.4220280464566,51.4226240688383,51.4226692541406,51.4236334455354,51.4238184517378,51.4245729179728,51.4247682289893,51.4252825040799,51.4260927738902,51.4268248665218,51.4279966596388,51.4283195689062,51.4287539832496,51.4290782021023,51.4295644349164,51.4299740285207,51.4303394643492,51.4304554171828,51.4304572145471,51.4304842663487,51.4305554905799,51.4304960222205,51.4304486899236,51.4303901371859,51.4303175356987,51.4302701435183,51.4302602028985,51.4302567521039,51.4303348067567,51.4306502531583,51.4312078426559,51.431964010353,51.4328470514101,51.4338285051506,51.4339149998816,51.4339247950402,51.4339322979041,51.4338026142022,51.4337761479896,51.434059017179,51.4348140063573,51.4351788343334,51.4353153395706,51.4354420222166,51.4356651148318,51.4358780709077,51.4362587066309,51.4368816125406,51.4370209398735,51.4373023220141,51.4375628545124,51.4375943397148,51.4377088713204,51.4377579502959,51.4379248968475,51.4380484822979,51.4382621796591,51.4384201653471,51.4385817377412,51.4388216855846,51.439087131363,51.4393836044642,51.4393970618189,51.4396907778392,51.4397332518185,51.4397710192357,51.4397977664805,51.4398622657969,51.4400100608375,51.4400363281984,51.4401006599993,51.4401497903873,51.4401917313293,51.4402117155133,51.4403402343295,51.4402586591892,51.4402613323754,51.440252672908,51.4405956477395,51.4407304413194,51.4411390033521,51.4415421795707,51.4417832977705,51.4420057128362,51.4420114182251,51.4420103068787,51.4419155081129,51.4418852730829,51.441804257623,51.4417247727867,51.4417223738009,51.441695481668,51.4417030582683,51.4417418183878,51.44175108461,51.441770058346,51.44177295777,51.4417998034283,51.4418386119693,51.4423004472909,51.4426540076805,51.4432465168195,51.4434643861824,51.4437029023606,51.4439130929894,51.4440865167669,51.4444661150691,51.4449171750586,51.4453941939943,51.4458307720598,51.4458695746963,51.4458845793221,51.4459596024076,51.4459919322604,51.4463144458458,51.4468619031975,51.447327932746,51.4476598422747,51.4482378991606,51.4485423015284,51.4487045297469,51.4490316896301,51.4493051098527,51.4495051701131,51.4497928904889,51.4499204779466,51.4500613632054,51.450338174146,51.4505607705653,51.4507529841874,51.4509671991546,51.4509913951646,51.4510952874546,51.4511664971551,51.4512148352395,51.4514792291836,51.4520235250046,51.4522365497011,51.4523395169742,51.4529634359405,51.4529701323652,51.4529722479201,51.4538609633168,51.4547423402576,51.4548734219547,51.4549457608176,51.4551284207594,51.455957368058,51.4564108599432,51.4572032437787,51.457305875415,51.4573656201852,51.4579116936398,51.4584370966412,51.4588763291392,51.459094342527,51.4593619651056,51.4612449456535,51.4613019486817,51.4613245746962,51.461487745348,51.4617067572417,51.4618705860711,51.4622552781671,51.4623644138719,51.4624743801249,51.4626984655116,51.4628596566012,51.4630512667326,51.4638363661604,51.463956208716,51.4642261313913,51.465884541388,51.4659777511042,51.4663263676108,51.4672654866954,51.4674004025778,51.4676149380845,51.4676825655692,51.4680152209962,51.4688637417347,51.4693342238085,51.4704676732921,51.4705194063444,51.4700639688947,51.4706320672454,51.4706783286697,51.4709086177792,51.4712888626441,51.4715925745952,51.4713233444947,51.4713672136523,51.47151604026,51.4716558440552,51.4717216365707,51.4717327631732,51.4717959609037,51.4717924200242,51.4718633255806,51.4718749479057,51.471858871102,51.4718906604699,51.4719970941558,51.4719149491591,51.4718620264395,51.4718963135554,51.4719620083984,51.4721298014106,51.4722930855262,51.4725958685407,51.4730903246869,51.4729324666137,51.4728236786356,51.472767167003,51.4727570528616,51.4727478145209,51.4727394748528,51.4727311351827,51.4727227726377,51.4727153087648,51.4727078220162,51.4727003581383,51.4726993190309,51.472705606314,51.4727144457262,51.4727311150603,51.4727626728109,51.4728720384854,51.4729530229722,51.4730987408068,51.473329105807,51.4733139029167,51.4733054027896,51.4734484696174,51.4736460690835,51.473770292086,51.4737910989492,51.4738806857966,51.4738914527356,51.4739224483874,51.4739658136733,51.4739975362445,51.4740740205498,51.4742873873899,51.4746557880718,51.4746708366094,51.4747047225399,51.4749562602447,51.4748877037151,51.4748956772974,51.4751736475882,51.4752767542519,51.4755519598381,51.4756370644433,51.4756822838344,51.4758585382347,51.4759485712626,51.4762423387938,51.4766966579858,51.4770105212182,51.4776524187271,51.4781467165327,51.4783778493797,51.4784409672619,51.4784326773803,51.4784362262108,51.4784362032831,51.4784691789933,51.4786169827365,51.4787232367463,51.4789276795852,51.4791559048763,51.4792519523079,51.4794180085172,51.4794825794014,51.4796038664784,51.479759211006,51.4799432628917,51.4801991891607,51.4802232008734,51.4802150248665,51.4802408568541,51.4804465681056,51.4805578463004,51.480569253634,51.4805745768103,51.4805964698483,51.4806480685198,51.4806664586374,51.4811823782946,51.4813652287741,51.48147029713,51.4816407495308,51.4818615530206,51.4820227351864,51.4824097648112,51.4828807634482,51.4833545728354,51.4836279560563,51.4838697497978,51.4844659051229,51.4845090588933,51.4846019032901,51.4847223902695,51.4847462030356,51.484735781553,51.4849646328526,51.4850487577115]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.108924883868241,-0.108894269735679,-0.108847580077174,-0.108416904920587,-0.108017178666722,-0.107833206420274,-0.107808537267913,-0.10767567608851,-0.107574125383989,-0.107468104351737,-0.107277973872567,-0.106989320644951,-0.106937439786594,-0.106397104252605,-0.105833689961095,-0.105036457774036,-0.104702205726018,-0.104801056010178,-0.104734318180435,-0.104709133781234,-0.104140283183395,-0.104139149247433,-0.104082336569763,-0.103881641066779,-0.10331413829883,-0.102885907117428,-0.101511458427887,-0.0999529210181413,-0.0998470453163452,-0.0991075498695526,-0.0982274508495596,-0.096666006711308,-0.0960880298077279,-0.0958513904326843,-0.0958341257573212,-0.0955439411965939,-0.0951370413950688,-0.0950840801133748,-0.0951027321195401,-0.0947654987933977,-0.0946357644322794,-0.0945146706837239,-0.0942914670883751,-0.0934364680660061,-0.0928587604725235,-0.0920135693305049,-0.0920627532517626,-0.0919169950484884,-0.0918742092612161,-0.0915691692447875,-0.0915972679395417,-0.0910206869347411,-0.0909486225145941,-0.0903720438158509,-0.0903668481519349,-0.0903947102916085,-0.0904423699856017,-0.0904112660273967,-0.0903508977654027,-0.0902774809255495,-0.0902234594080765,-0.0901611475799723,-0.0895714732167299,-0.0881776029004634,-0.0881257995057577,-0.0880524333155159,-0.0878262360886095,-0.0877884294327518,-0.0874760836377062,-0.0870307667799352,-0.0867772374041851,-0.0867711289619036,-0.0867552319851851,-0.0864797081035306,-0.0862721856903547,-0.0855700602577835,-0.084665956898028,-0.0844651840767512,-0.0837548514907782,-0.0835922813769113,-0.083496441875686,-0.083225027862722,-0.0830670421540706,-0.0825249022135211,-0.0817663061992942,-0.0814571920278087,-0.0810639873388767,-0.0809681067395115,-0.0801787800328016,-0.0799448469783681,-0.0796444113828586,-0.0793672810576449,-0.0792014988566701,-0.0780042061793385,-0.077682972358831,-0.077732908698923,-0.0776923601639343,-0.0767961605426609,-0.0765424231803539,-0.0759700761174213,-0.0758964863195631,-0.0755130817479243,-0.0753251317037996,-0.075155104819539,-0.0743446852371163,-0.0741113413091058,-0.0735620878863626,-0.0730220459212559,-0.0729044288323569,-0.0728458466465828,-0.0726152741963103,-0.0719816520565024,-0.0718705872261429,-0.0716205809917952,-0.0708602010213442,-0.0716278677748496,-0.0719098610644109,-0.0720678054345285,-0.0722192220129915,-0.0723278572899559,-0.0724491852992149,-0.0731586920211186,-0.0734243035997624,-0.0736525918781122,-0.0736794938178409,-0.073540362371588,-0.0733552686845405,-0.0723950055819223,-0.072136550592677,-0.0720055969212796,-0.0718370140111797,-0.0717160999329131,-0.0712005756471161,-0.0708183514506304,-0.0698116398374846,-0.0697390741871995,-0.0695044181965448,-0.0693830556279111,-0.068998130689135,-0.0676047885989576,-0.0676340888990937,-0.067381975046876,-0.0672553159328218,-0.0649321109517321,-0.0649906439804338,-0.0648800511401162,-0.0647889864831422,-0.0638078830763874,-0.0637968822658085,-0.0633312977150162,-0.0632943802170419,-0.0624798025226181,-0.0619613171571533,-0.0616110612789007,-0.0606961416804167,-0.0606603937053945,-0.0602793774910435,-0.0602698050123019,-0.0596856512608642,-0.0594048118582146,-0.0592301366827519,-0.0592011877602706,-0.0589637606343534,-0.0584733731930514,-0.0576625439444893,-0.0573303168854261,-0.0571493464931778,-0.0564339232697607,-0.0564324452181619,-0.056320049785904,-0.0562509397442944,-0.0561737117745469,-0.0561323262150531,-0.0561829478117725,-0.0559462168065337,-0.05591280836531,-0.0550571599820841,-0.0549724154297804,-0.0545238911249605,-0.0545396765768685,-0.0540673978334703,-0.0539652689636337,-0.0539085408141657,-0.0538565150163539,-0.0538234368951691,-0.0537877005932667,-0.0536861459388802,-0.0536952525234609,-0.0533871566191793,-0.0531481494193446,-0.0527816303459077,-0.0522854143207218,-0.0521377722539463,-0.0511569824482229,-0.0511555425806014,-0.0507703001537005,-0.0505065626444662,-0.0502216468780486,-0.0497061031922482,-0.0494389792440179,-0.0488765213400374,-0.0491175651972609,-0.04860539984544,-0.0481189373870965,-0.048035615003083,-0.0479858329892008,-0.047974774559284,-0.0479512562111407,-0.0479164490551618,-0.0478256580841939,-0.047770192278537,-0.0477801172596528,-0.0478256748927183,-0.0479793793036657,-0.0479952180026774,-0.0479810871121204,-0.0479655741098124,-0.0479173841201068,-0.0474876659055679,-0.0475468942732592,-0.0470406429701836,-0.0469641923087415,-0.0467220195211332,-0.0466624799750078,-0.0464466191421546,-0.0461551449407998,-0.0460239534321381,-0.0460149293546273,-0.0462618804127669,-0.0461729849670924,-0.0463728245330359,-0.0455973924773755,-0.0453089511671508,-0.0450493424274001,-0.045113273068998,-0.0451937125505101,-0.0444130275032273,-0.0442500935337531,-0.0439089396566766,-0.0433759564483341,-0.0430198450497262,-0.0410591516179163,-0.0404561487403824,-0.0401622328451109,-0.0398699112655222,-0.0392561470262364,-0.038659277986631,-0.0383966063159048,-0.0372439307563309,-0.0370588940128137,-0.0370375148784212,-0.0370419011593665,-0.0369632422909031,-0.0368815876098637,-0.0367810800827219,-0.0366097102034381,-0.0362561572213708,-0.0358541378335716,-0.0356491760385551,-0.035016386069043,-0.0346667052204087,-0.0343547751882994,-0.0338965165659108,-0.0337358732382559,-0.0335740834095758,-0.0334393223007222,-0.0333994985359632,-0.0333683144992818,-0.0333409307648381,-0.0332532328686868,-0.0330885203786507,-0.0328620466336809,-0.0330370730205787,-0.0330005092398638,-0.0328428156860284,-0.0328296084249224,-0.0328221608223436,-0.0329712451688139,-0.0329735590843252,-0.0327249977149844,-0.0325094845649951,-0.0324007874491513,-0.0323543158817234,-0.0324273795439972,-0.0323710071438988,-0.0323736705667193,-0.0323983581235057,-0.0323670531354539,-0.032390339328656,-0.032318285605414,-0.032326754771516,-0.0323772197492056,-0.0323205786295061,-0.0322879972384056,-0.0322459329976404,-0.0322375065395526,-0.0322391484084724,-0.0322617066796678,-0.0323110638345718,-0.0323171948751147,-0.0323595396665861,-0.0326165925738282,-0.032774533501946,-0.0326163342097975,-0.0324791249788296,-0.032615693289219,-0.0328467806154559,-0.0329182363514938,-0.0328831726333417,-0.0329684845049852,-0.0326565405708577,-0.0325454346084431,-0.0325796298087926,-0.0326562322974322,-0.0327308533268769,-0.0328980366216175,-0.0329258539819287,-0.0329326184207869,-0.0329345141379313,-0.0329217427022165,-0.0329027871845362,-0.0328135524946784,-0.0327222754238407,-0.0326733666856454,-0.0326390477219462,-0.0325754252195417,-0.0325691557543459,-0.0325673986530093,-0.0325993790192481,-0.0326697551809135,-0.0327395497910403,-0.0327423661236241,-0.0327086187754525,-0.0327125812878119,-0.0327265822226111,-0.0327461093540497,-0.032806409170658,-0.0329847549666623,-0.0331191006716737,-0.0331758247433232,-0.0332168680679663,-0.0332496993317146,-0.0332459825828436,-0.0332124769877582,-0.0331500637820537,-0.0330826356114241,-0.032998482343752,-0.0329705887288576,-0.032903602481509,-0.0328699891605102,-0.0328238064576831,-0.0327649770215819,-0.0327051723015694,-0.0326557929139546,-0.0326306155996324,-0.0325519942996068,-0.0326171686781728,-0.0325485179007975,-0.0323548492125667,-0.0324074003682295,-0.0324180110758208,-0.0324128719994269,-0.0325812136090533,-0.0325503561272178,-0.0329109223829939,-0.0332477972770693,-0.0333040894353065,-0.0333273155477514,-0.0352387216093306,-0.0373150803555925,-0.0373768641237583,-0.0374759597680906,-0.0375003930996977,-0.0375305459405504,-0.0375606987846505,-0.0375908516319976,-0.0376209658916403,-0.0376510415653411,-0.0376538820262686,-0.0376939186185477,-0.0377324771084342,-0.0377709584357728,-0.0378094011923315,-0.0378464044396457,-0.0378833305324785,-0.0379174161744925,-0.0379543423060225,-0.0379897517611017,-0.0380237217087604,-0.0380576530949278,-0.0380915845034432,-0.0381240378221065,-0.0382350216555107,-0.0383867879246394,-0.0384104113684262,-0.0384439187181648,-0.0384788656425555,-0.0385138126049014,-0.0385516772583601,-0.038589619096696,-0.0386275224001525,-0.0386669424263213,-0.0387078406025489,-0.0387177245516686,-0.0387515793330585,-0.0387883132275287,-0.0388236461726279,-0.0388604186875652,-0.0388986693406106,-0.0389355190388399,-0.0389738468718505,-0.0390136142743198,-0.0390519807163834,-0.0390932648380807,-0.0391331479947705,-0.0391745092801416,-0.039191668179801,-0.0392230683278661,-0.0392559080346489,-0.0392873467612856,-0.0393202250458505,-0.0393531418971023,-0.0393860587558628,-0.0394204537288545,-0.0394534477140681,-0.0394864417042225,-0.0395194742539676,-0.0395539849119167,-0.0395870560217481,-0.0396201656866091,-0.0396547920072385,-0.0396879787756461,-0.0397038523839454,-0.0397370777003999,-0.0397718196639302,-0.0398036825209442,-0.0398369849229717,-0.0398703644149626,-0.0399023043487938,-0.0399342828212423,-0.0399662612845775,-0.0403702577611139,-0.0405530663800994,-0.0405633744023205,-0.040070409203359,-0.0410557121601089,-0.0403437766702011,-0.0425080684437328,-0.0422258811866002,-0.0423572954926337,-0.0427407306956685,-0.0444988076356961,-0.0445526997878397,-0.0445765170177732,-0.0447370694698301,-0.0447581570706375,-0.0451354574348735,-0.0451157873883516,-0.0455218198795633,-0.0458317699635167,-0.045927271388187,-0.0461644328441216,-0.0465673905348454,-0.046566139140508,-0.0465674553881514,-0.0475957693621637,-0.0475500521624245,-0.0492201398236527,-0.0492609454962062,-0.0493583486646747,-0.0497130681987174,-0.0496574634469883,-0.0503452504160159,-0.0508174990507022,-0.0511516775852039,-0.051466140834449,-0.0519587310682263,-0.0501695864249432,-0.0501087651461758,-0.0503442218803046,-0.0503089650995889,-0.0503845004887595,-0.0504643921379732,-0.0506442364707914,-0.050738069966401,-0.0507700434024619,-0.0511157415114141,-0.0513084841981151,-0.0517503026451615,-0.0521198449866822,-0.0521749634268724,-0.052412862924674,-0.0525005444236586,-0.052622128758287,-0.0526311862879402,-0.052889862968115,-0.0539775072559336,-0.0537288209688645,-0.0535645669101784,-0.0535154281407876,-0.0534061718232386,-0.0533219526531397,-0.0532545851097408,-0.0531861076360356,-0.0531561104779202,-0.0530305481515667,-0.0529942347054072,-0.0529339421701074,-0.0529017326674303,-0.0528805558539071,-0.0528443655520426,-0.0528567992104907,-0.0528940235493211,-0.0529203683954727,-0.052940550036634,-0.0529464607207172,-0.0529491940219821,-0.0530797300699865,-0.0531812877966295,-0.0531402049168991,-0.0535601768769731,-0.053551889513163,-0.0534231287634101,-0.0533148653948933,-0.0532493839686831,-0.0531958612950243,-0.0531691418265712,-0.0530973674088207,-0.0530409272411823,-0.053001215946034,-0.053000006316441,-0.0529644218628848,-0.0530137022762819,-0.0531180202217174,-0.0529847470341148,-0.0529824043813377,-0.0528902531118909,-0.0528326824957764,-0.0528009500090838,-0.052922307376246,-0.052921534147532,-0.0529786987831155,-0.0529495533342771,-0.0529559685457919,-0.0529597043741035,-0.0528575566372399,-0.0528187354491899,-0.0528114705324193,-0.0529427089817337,-0.0529744789124799,-0.0530175472881381,-0.0530527536041904,-0.0531188253693356,-0.0532507230157803,-0.0532604296442414,-0.0531682452106226,-0.0531566934538587,-0.0531877733437085,-0.0532189296970081,-0.0532686189780241,-0.0533060675833338,-0.0534278278993932,-0.0534894209215155,-0.053514345944661,-0.0535069649447489,-0.0533882794933146,-0.0533568091911449,-0.0533588755150366,-0.0534132193428898,-0.0535734491515254,-0.0535735169205681,-0.0535732638472234,-0.0535203209702636,-0.0534702478292754,-0.053478161993343,-0.0535218019155679,-0.0536213682954407,-0.0536541243539517,-0.0536954387962369,-0.0537080231938356,-0.0539998270327222,-0.0540185118811683,-0.0539530004528852,-0.0539473204406874,-0.0543285621615421,-0.052699292258052,-0.0527475093200252,-0.0527630744253158,-0.0527570407700278,-0.0521738080353587,-0.0519805548895314,-0.0518015101368531,-0.0516871207496379,-0.0516866166733845,-0.0517824915579838,-0.0521513384332843,-0.0522818735097796,-0.0520409515551983,-0.0516843797801224,-0.0514464025808392,-0.0509945369054817,-0.0508814383165,-0.0511282812127266,-0.0513266102244651,-0.0513196461773855,-0.0510002810433363,-0.0505751755077384,-0.0506340271449851,-0.0508222829406686,-0.050888481097279,-0.0505200295554414,-0.0502785697874518,-0.0499050330788112,-0.0496700958804346,-0.0496231161817146,-0.0494067681474365,-0.0490558122865472,-0.0486291612404655,-0.0482061191563365,-0.0485401979814378,-0.0477208465331278,-0.047561708582314,-0.0473305408223251,-0.0470375690748176,-0.0467730275416142,-0.0465867888939191,-0.0463636462999198,-0.0462138185378556,-0.0459991210725144,-0.0457204031873131,-0.0454572901389416,-0.0453463769837235,-0.0452368684045048,-0.0451885675392244,-0.0451290897318183,-0.0451056298100588,-0.045114160617049,-0.04512328496918,-0.0451770471803711,-0.0452426796109231,-0.0453035114371167,-0.0453357571257446,-0.0456156165409278,-0.0457174095242005,-0.0457427479421509,-0.0457799593899552,-0.0457813978350305,-0.0460016639346827,-0.0461032181260617,-0.0461603938139329,-0.0449958213687239,-0.0446323674444298,-0.0434522878966957,-0.0427455996056473,-0.042100398294264,-0.0419620921115342,-0.0418251477642915,-0.041648675879561,-0.0424456929522112,-0.0429893823439384,-0.043189696041172,-0.0436628148094154,-0.0438862063115039,-0.044507982427779,-0.0448740643456642,-0.0450006504362564,-0.0451242651737492,-0.0451964712532178,-0.0451789282123866,-0.0454831912892902,-0.0458752607174564,-0.0461507881265284,-0.0465114884891526,-0.0469414918353515,-0.0477579714428508,-0.04823982944232,-0.0487217649753316,-0.0490866665658559,-0.0493664416534309,-0.0499355371056182,-0.0509546346759246,-0.0530700256051657,-0.0534646104341701,-0.0535797164755799,-0.0536450073961008,-0.0537878448152509,-0.0539083836257832,-0.0539539465553027,-0.0540076036051668,-0.054081343190032,-0.0543312884776401,-0.0547487777129806,-0.0554355181402601,-0.0565434617661607,-0.0575613259477832,-0.0581006749022713,-0.0586189647560479,-0.0586875234700805,-0.0590615535876293,-0.0596776817965176,-0.0609726891245249,-0.0613835845986096,-0.0618269592924329,-0.0620797547640144,-0.0622199392777866,-0.0623432380130388,-0.062569075879215,-0.062901464771905,-0.0630839318185606,-0.0632447249422437,-0.0633651287033546,-0.0634841308141428,-0.0636400212637223,-0.0637133757162424,-0.0637497776211496,-0.0636655384775919,-0.0637336327507449,-0.0638704192523374,-0.0640827885853476,-0.0641657971459002,-0.0642188239750291,-0.0642775645117636,-0.0646117174548366,-0.0650262115557385,-0.0646713284288716,-0.0642800753974963,-0.0640535720330939,-0.0638010013280265,-0.0637522900712987,-0.0637335529093145,-0.063706879797289,-0.0637007610365785,-0.0635436126108102,-0.0634574445578468,-0.0634567799006789,-0.0635507772142596,-0.0639828077359947,-0.064158233708068,-0.0642449266097269,-0.0643649608486772,-0.0644203253504574,-0.0644672148151723,-0.0645306095151149,-0.0645603266427423,-0.0646111984679309,-0.0648003323268073,-0.0650864342783182,-0.0654157984326559,-0.0656068035677339,-0.065788088014457,-0.0658343327895136,-0.0659090710461887,-0.0659740439291495,-0.0660429882108064,-0.0661443213587609,-0.0667087897235701,-0.0671515942794402,-0.0677533380073911,-0.0686022227064905,-0.0690216225027414,-0.0695291726021383,-0.0696223205650059,-0.069984203807724,-0.0701872584860904,-0.0703929988493241,-0.0706953281017729,-0.070943213747654,-0.071109946088177,-0.0713349797152959,-0.0716077974293937,-0.072076895954484,-0.0722159720937809,-0.0723833852351975,-0.0724608680115878,-0.0725401287720243,-0.0726301338877578,-0.072708750902332,-0.0727640625003003,-0.0728617463571724,-0.0735861144484096,-0.0748935847951941,-0.0749277404003203,-0.0749702924946027,-0.0750484277439369,-0.0750933443131952,-0.0750286000039398,-0.0749442639811241,-0.0747957259065647,-0.0744907513290357,-0.0743270910245674,-0.0741661834454931,-0.0739848055474314,-0.0739304315367128,-0.0739356493318978,-0.0739544877074705,-0.0740022645879674,-0.0740486417605443,-0.074095018916903,-0.0741414716240365,-0.0741879998763931,-0.0742389538817298,-0.0742899456359079,-0.0743410129153667,-0.0743892052054014,-0.0744374730147285,-0.0744857785609333,-0.0745326465913982,-0.0745546242300664,-0.0745825028522684,-0.0746118189317125,-0.0746396975219562,-0.0746675760964114,-0.0746940549555781,-0.0747219712700869,-0.0747470503969416,-0.0747735669780565,-0.074797208601813,-0.0748208879799709,-0.0748446051110674,-0.0748668847562276,-0.0748863272172978,-0.074893778935654,-0.0749132591439735,-0.0749327393363847,-0.0749493445805205,-0.074965987577779,-0.0749811930957131,-0.0749963986005064,-0.075008766930435,-0.07502113524909,-0.075033503556474,-0.0750429969288797,-0.0754550468419184,-0.0754565220415361,-0.0756648122949164,-0.0765987608919415,-0.0776031908526035,-0.0780424287791363,-0.0782388456395773,-0.0783067237968765,-0.0791609333273337,-0.0791975500004482,-0.0792228942259612,-0.0792555060306174,-0.0792690880220753,-0.0792617243026313,-0.0791498725630449,-0.0789308926627323,-0.0794651482853821,-0.0795159189868912,-0.0796298318661041,-0.0798288686933545,-0.07985629752438,-0.0800773684175798,-0.0803434169897717,-0.0808519118866049,-0.0808969591287436,-0.0811585421920842,-0.0816945482574275,-0.0817265621244566,-0.0817794448168125,-0.0820318096750869,-0.0828437769747725,-0.0834389353396013,-0.0834766833972043,-0.0834953204861383,-0.0835111353768931,-0.0835369659417258,-0.0835855386706141,-0.0836183955943412,-0.0836317237734448,-0.0836831665506885,-0.0838627587636848,-0.0840788454897497,-0.0843723902865001,-0.0846522792419742,-0.084955258032014,-0.0851727123874748,-0.0852507817952168,-0.0852617560662454,-0.0854381514165939,-0.0857947484327235,-0.0859043120813636,-0.085991599286027,-0.0860401106320127,-0.0860740588964802,-0.0860923820133391,-0.0861005672503296,-0.0860986896810659,-0.0860665215240595,-0.0859453211509348,-0.0858874372061276,-0.0858563408143665,-0.0858687259179832,-0.0858904875510219,-0.0859168623493054,-0.0859971510839545,-0.0860455025418357,-0.0861213555364493,-0.0866133848147125,-0.0872577249751485,-0.0876807568947271,-0.0878738409981819,-0.0881149531044068,-0.0882261339818956,-0.0883196140646263,-0.0884971370860261,-0.0888910059982563,-0.0893087716693844,-0.0895930476435753,-0.0900233120684781,-0.0902254332143741,-0.0904647872654138,-0.0905778370374286,-0.0906654019874723,-0.0909813439119362,-0.0911946296091531,-0.0914889791340815,-0.0917263598700368,-0.0918379222241825,-0.0918980808233454,-0.0919894908791749,-0.0920401011941158,-0.0922584223039,-0.0925404975299914,-0.0927679966850386,-0.0928745131757003,-0.0930026842035505,-0.093206695995834,-0.0933570520452688,-0.0936341132154877,-0.0937990397597614,-0.0940045637343108,-0.0941057388709957,-0.0945074150140546,-0.0949531018357642,-0.0950162370568107,-0.0950375597891429,-0.0950433085822126,-0.095017096373745,-0.0950131827949268,-0.0950250543923147,-0.09504008451223,-0.0950965917468412,-0.0951405711764687,-0.095251652472972,-0.0956977828041644,-0.0959035206901986,-0.0961080468773939,-0.097429907456029,-0.097958563115656,-0.098451457449247,-0.0988920973634439,-0.0992533625468289,-0.0993041508536991,-0.0993447224436567,-0.0994035088333959,-0.0994170155869637,-0.099427350284342,-0.0995648937906818,-0.09964555393108,-0.09972346696146,-0.099808683540341,-0.0998587817389451,-0.0999236730201163,-0.0999931776377308,-0.100068808441065,-0.1001476142623,-0.100205144650602,-0.100322240532102,-0.100760984341784,-0.100766310965807,-0.100792576239457,-0.10078923954874,-0.100802263621038,-0.100830922413783,-0.100877831540179,-0.100957917362107,-0.101132041690351,-0.101322660081619,-0.101340314102183,-0.101380517914753,-0.101425356614144,-0.1014571760995,-0.101474537969342,-0.101478955014478,-0.101468839693784,-0.10138748479303,-0.101335188613494,-0.101106088960169,-0.101060647912818,-0.101038816918812,-0.101034847931043,-0.101162717913169,-0.101118639871499,-0.101005807066658,-0.10093841598063,-0.100627648453566,-0.10004487902922,-0.0991175250084095,-0.0985913504025859,-0.097848936725316,-0.0976021978497242,-0.0972070722877583,-0.0965759929453036,-0.0962014601447046,-0.0958371617594443,-0.0956649090738962,-0.0955036731893316,-0.0952081568287627,-0.0951486128456053,-0.0951226615459069,-0.0950254124268761,-0.0948668631366539,-0.0947296329092198,-0.0945719628974304,-0.0941425734491183,-0.093650403610643,-0.0930942160572327,-0.0929383112076425,-0.0928400309874869,-0.0927585114361575,-0.0925519020649065,-0.0923277579504083,-0.0922118378358392,-0.091539165570828,-0.0911241995488632,-0.0909398247524394,-0.0906671562090707,-0.0901060546855581,-0.0900718902215393,-0.0900711653544129,-0.0900797108957687,-0.0900946118561343,-0.090136374203225,-0.0911462831738996,-0.0922653723477624,-0.0927176510412408,-0.0927401629361927,-0.0927819718339203,-0.0928490504994044,-0.0929288684510765,-0.0929465616748272,-0.0930244998512468,-0.0930310949395317,-0.0930802884450569,-0.0934869520590795,-0.0936237391186136,-0.0936632491155117,-0.0937270775084951,-0.0939992673298241,-0.094065184945073,-0.0941056830613472,-0.0942006935322806,-0.0943231924644651,-0.0944529229086342,-0.0947971482659646,-0.0950698926553567,-0.0959975000282025,-0.0971357628188549,-0.0989171233913251,-0.0991772221429038,-0.0992474334474209,-0.0993751360650362,-0.0995429098908314,-0.0997752893702828,-0.100368029436796,-0.100573444801043,-0.100619683547777,-0.100654260990389,-0.100682692442977,-0.100591397569127,-0.100337881317932,-0.100169880524097,-0.100111647754198,-0.099997740976233,-0.101511453065508,-0.10362194567469,-0.10555431759098,-0.107203048506367,-0.107854291844197,-0.108068152901533,-0.108219433323344,-0.108245960180632,-0.108237786209294,-0.108214970868019,-0.108178395566074,-0.108085430623045,-0.105557089603563,-0.105006647314523,-0.104086010341361,-0.104046927654568,-0.104621119600515,-0.104640486552907,-0.104623756311086,-0.104898594072733,-0.10515564216261,-0.105280783570095,-0.105326802752964,-0.105421903314004,-0.105634091348254,-0.106043785424585,-0.105904955448762,-0.105635780758837,-0.105663970716248,-0.106328661096587,-0.106823372783598,-0.107222609284364,-0.106926337015,-0.106615938990546,-0.106550188188595,-0.106357649718072,-0.107844529680475,-0.107991843755115,-0.108136714556622,-0.108281139575671,-0.108452541587564,-0.108121530597101,-0.105519911267549,-0.104711053563001,-0.10418850124072,-0.103803304252124,-0.10339300874218,-0.103260234612508,-0.103258608574527,-0.103159816116721,-0.103395991081152,-0.10315625592931,-0.103527460263388,-0.103405723630887,-0.103582932172555,-0.10371218810034,-0.103731670897859,-0.103883362891612,-0.103943131118745,-0.104105127695954,-0.10425736181815,-0.104400601497136,-0.104519085271602,-0.104699091394382,-0.104793933162109,-0.104886954160455,-0.104896248847506,-0.105337813426614,-0.105742098371294,-0.107159019799374,-0.109399474041069,-0.1105073955807,-0.110584358238957,-0.11066442329476,-0.11081359340432,-0.110957394970709,-0.110972915771445,-0.111442589512862,-0.110295109091069,-0.110303913665922,-0.11029541411803,-0.109516292974489,-0.10952016608596,-0.109470475554524,-0.109121121078204,-0.108353632044803,-0.10822802224583,-0.108188874403924,-0.107846543368885,-0.106825807325895,-0.106704050046637,-0.106527342844517,-0.105986633675907,-0.105947706082938,-0.106115551072437,-0.106086926292777,-0.106065016598483,-0.106050665746304,-0.106080850925115,-0.10613685599522,-0.106751587115696,-0.10745801285948,-0.106395616843142,-0.106518467116097,-0.106519907059012,-0.106599583456355,-0.106566499178206,-0.106545656312531,-0.106467163087679,-0.106434673905379,-0.106434584829859,-0.106465728355404,-0.106592704003045,-0.106596874979164,-0.107363630164876,-0.108175580065139,-0.108245002506987,-0.108290974950897,-0.108406410812298,-0.108424487434246,-0.108506405348497,-0.108593107544482,-0.108799719202591,-0.10886237549233,-0.108921568267822,-0.108924883868241],"lat":[51.5084407114991,51.5084492104179,51.5084979165889,51.5085278407012,51.5085411766563,51.5085642870904,51.5084640717746,51.5084709207114,51.5085915808617,51.5086114522174,51.5086092832665,51.5086199119103,51.5086199737635,51.5086184449565,51.5086174401823,51.5086252446401,51.5086234405714,51.5085333139125,51.5084746831063,51.5083870483464,51.5084129252293,51.5084749555304,51.5085243954498,51.5085337405194,51.508596504676,51.5086021681131,51.5085943155224,51.5085429980704,51.5084900251689,51.5084609559499,51.5084170126077,51.5083665035122,51.5083346408167,51.5083074183727,51.5083413098142,51.5083195121791,51.5082283739673,51.5081852487055,51.5081181074089,51.5080496815622,51.5080160999666,51.5079826586121,51.5079097891996,51.5076791722089,51.5075375885491,51.507348486397,51.5072404764323,51.5072111274029,51.5073039540343,51.5072585241218,51.5072068244369,51.5071075150602,51.5071423123268,51.5070429997824,51.506926011729,51.5068455322359,51.5067051248399,51.5066218867191,51.5066182059919,51.5066853540917,51.5068400459465,51.5070206812353,51.5069589202869,51.5068309933916,51.5068292496536,51.5068262551097,51.5068252650863,51.5068678130323,51.5068249510764,51.506791609791,51.5067551008644,51.5067289227389,51.5066612190683,51.5065649996623,51.5065310387859,51.5065051914665,51.506485034101,51.5064619713421,51.5063226725535,51.5063164191368,51.5062995656304,51.5062429730395,51.5062304990102,51.5061353076118,51.5060131927621,51.5059622742221,51.5058892960348,51.5058391672082,51.5056598858708,51.505568828091,51.5054829757269,51.505391209441,51.5054271624727,51.5050811158098,51.5049760330757,51.5048851271541,51.5048556862315,51.5045802078609,51.5045148969513,51.5043508358577,51.5043190537052,51.5042534116001,51.5042341405467,51.5041998759517,51.5039410739247,51.5038706970008,51.5037061040098,51.5035623427492,51.5035154471064,51.5035378652138,51.5034360567264,51.5031198932231,51.5031909073129,51.5030716913836,51.5025160326429,51.5020799272503,51.5019190999342,51.5015565969292,51.5014170029446,51.501335157476,51.5012598153532,51.5008353337524,51.5006868233237,51.5005350014446,51.5005120625738,51.5004630155869,51.5006155468904,51.5011438195089,51.5012591726483,51.5013577369706,51.5015285225523,51.5016281508821,51.5019622913638,51.5022104949835,51.5019610216056,51.5020074880428,51.501968554345,51.5019422764461,51.5018451136791,51.5014031074183,51.5013235560061,51.5012546547519,51.501455800336,51.5009588660669,51.5008015619153,51.5007592703139,51.5008342048174,51.5007298830913,51.5006154952739,51.500586225119,51.5006413696539,51.5007214375787,51.5007164672908,51.5007196710598,51.5006856603085,51.5007471182046,51.5007282270232,51.5006822063409,51.5006968228017,51.5006939743856,51.5007018749068,51.5007049928665,51.5007316382204,51.5007774762316,51.5008368897692,51.5008565660734,51.5008769488851,51.5010305585027,51.5010314332689,51.5010655409583,51.5009627788736,51.5009830811117,51.5010075744665,51.5011046345994,51.5011825433465,51.5011550116547,51.5014546665207,51.5014145927389,51.5016274721351,51.5016628052347,51.5018582028495,51.5018879823423,51.501900529913,51.5019041628683,51.5019027146699,51.5018283820955,51.5018446819395,51.5019014866066,51.501997090317,51.5020605674773,51.5021408115094,51.5022890428951,51.5024061926242,51.5027334163055,51.5027333923779,51.5028807637164,51.5030508367327,51.5032106651698,51.5035411147103,51.5037228194517,51.5040380968784,51.5042309520798,51.5045155906505,51.5043672101854,51.5042264376446,51.5041437761332,51.5041328009142,51.5041099278822,51.5040814713624,51.5040817586008,51.5041320932734,51.5042033002506,51.5043173657275,51.5045645236727,51.504632232006,51.5046931466645,51.5047189670711,51.5047676243919,51.5050446378352,51.5051085722972,51.5053555335371,51.5053236854696,51.505123612946,51.5052017563977,51.5052961804767,51.5051033788681,51.5051722348719,51.5051810771463,51.5053704395957,51.5054274107047,51.5055728233984,51.5060149303869,51.5058185801925,51.5059923069471,51.5060473283995,51.5064236618151,51.5069205285419,51.5069564798205,51.5070488097919,51.507145132608,51.5072165274125,51.5074724568517,51.5074875624342,51.5074862481936,51.5074813628094,51.5074450243477,51.5074179578558,51.5073937808567,51.5072225197549,51.507169064058,51.5071300378818,51.5070950400152,51.5070811337208,51.507069875017,51.5071284432298,51.5070923016112,51.5070369225668,51.5069357675551,51.5068765803241,51.5066798319217,51.506534586522,51.5063827786904,51.5060819368772,51.5059641377958,51.5057725795926,51.5056561133313,51.5056104823141,51.5055649961657,51.5054647186128,51.5053931053001,51.5051691238519,51.504773245949,51.5046907515483,51.504602909627,51.5045840778232,51.5045227062958,51.5044614313797,51.5044459467611,51.504358756912,51.5043419978501,51.5043608640294,51.5043419543553,51.5043168945113,51.5042263953729,51.5041301275151,51.5040348501489,51.5039300503899,51.503686723688,51.5035810011492,51.5031463465974,51.5030835401629,51.5030493155564,51.5027920747353,51.5025784022873,51.5024176273347,51.5018104821101,51.5016720228516,51.501449383644,51.5011732381836,51.5010978027908,51.5001147172328,51.500101044666,51.5000803133659,51.4993375641606,51.4993118812737,51.4979472891525,51.4979340797941,51.4976798870464,51.4976577165012,51.4969478285265,51.4969318043903,51.4960324732175,51.4960078674887,51.495968685697,51.4959420603347,51.4959070957432,51.4958967711793,51.4958735037407,51.4958294715205,51.4957914881267,51.4957632929182,51.4956943510705,51.4957063088074,51.4957045890273,51.4956986176706,51.4956705722893,51.4956488847246,51.4956227765371,51.4954488555218,51.4950858335666,51.4947362907882,51.4946374187877,51.4944174317471,51.4943923187782,51.4943682734837,51.4943497164919,51.4943210523031,51.4942943682675,51.4942858305388,51.4942732929714,51.4942568953136,51.4942304679851,51.4941494717173,51.4941246295781,51.494102000369,51.4940954737951,51.4941093497517,51.4941214715816,51.4941716060722,51.4941827326649,51.4941846557307,51.4941791724889,51.4941628816639,51.4941386723208,51.4941211638644,51.4938392737959,51.4936973839706,51.4936188952883,51.4931651134331,51.4931156363106,51.4930699517766,51.4930554772886,51.4930268274957,51.4930074251821,51.4929307417494,51.492868947385,51.4930002850896,51.4929961782968,51.4926334420164,51.4922194797959,51.4922232116825,51.4922302657957,51.4922315739782,51.4922338771411,51.4922361802963,51.4922384834437,51.4922416852032,51.4922457855749,51.4922467323746,51.4922536972237,51.4922615365902,51.492271173184,51.4922817083852,51.4922922194864,51.4923045278161,51.4923158893409,51.4923281976485,51.4923422790989,51.4923563364534,51.4923712924183,51.4923862483735,51.4924020788551,51.4924677834784,51.4925566518598,51.4925768308786,51.4926016715564,51.4926265363047,51.492651401043,51.492675415309,51.4926976323226,51.4927207479444,51.4927420903914,51.4927625582822,51.4927672199233,51.4927839729327,51.4928007740849,51.4928166525296,51.4928325550393,51.492847582992,51.4928616882377,51.4928749189256,51.4928881736745,51.4929005057167,51.4929119872709,51.4929225461184,51.4929322304034,51.4929352151213,51.4929420350285,51.4929488789979,51.4929548002674,51.4929607455984,51.4929657922995,51.4929708389915,51.4929750111221,51.4929782605539,51.4929815099766,51.4929838607692,51.4929853369987,51.4929867891516,51.4929873426744,51.4929861230119,51.492984879274,51.492984245369,51.4929821029963,51.4929781874366,51.4929742237391,51.4929702840962,51.4929645472019,51.4929587862356,51.4929521266395,51.4929454670345,51.492829918978,51.4927997009999,51.4927944776531,51.4921630484587,51.491827899945,51.4910624200348,51.4902406702072,51.4900354230128,51.4900277250979,51.4900215361151,51.4901066222792,51.4901264055646,51.490142090245,51.4903623896179,51.4904418765615,51.4903771252066,51.4903318340361,51.4902351869014,51.4901621166045,51.4902194625298,51.4903663975252,51.4903416367326,51.4904720092832,51.4907445084389,51.4904459924315,51.4903696929976,51.4899856255527,51.4900420587978,51.4900211975269,51.4899452646818,51.48986430531,51.489747148073,51.4896174115649,51.4895501255911,51.4894384471075,51.489135486035,51.4883611583471,51.488334967566,51.488116764329,51.4880990920858,51.4880167163851,51.4879335137983,51.4878708574039,51.4879335672805,51.4879269046697,51.4878256382927,51.4877982665792,51.4878074067048,51.4878225386707,51.4878135623609,51.4877743492355,51.487711058484,51.4875620013241,51.4875522598373,51.4876338922406,51.4879352159699,51.4875174269574,51.4872817910724,51.4872180268759,51.4870777264581,51.4870259695083,51.4869843841802,51.4869688590547,51.4869629654288,51.4868673571408,51.4868406755124,51.4867344604243,51.4866790704455,51.4866013820453,51.4864703877203,51.4864490118393,51.486386681445,51.4863430549412,51.4862750459475,51.4861024852866,51.4860045108271,51.4859832974115,51.4859660990531,51.4858485125473,51.4857952339814,51.4855163243805,51.4852929677955,51.4852309197358,51.4852127465731,51.4852181528069,51.4851691488878,51.4851634608619,51.4848315942938,51.4846142120895,51.484608796415,51.4843959790376,51.484388703944,51.4843742492844,51.483580683255,51.4835680546458,51.4835674237079,51.4835664676917,51.4834661223153,51.4834573463942,51.4834078739794,51.4833845430569,51.4829191390695,51.4828023411362,51.4827484472654,51.4827458517673,51.4827443078265,51.482644368754,51.4826402532396,51.4824015762662,51.4819652485481,51.4817473116951,51.4814471549195,51.4810554666987,51.4810304484293,51.4810307163935,51.4810314238564,51.4809779839784,51.4809227468311,51.4808381416214,51.4807704192058,51.4805152507934,51.480489295357,51.4804789179515,51.4803816747637,51.4803617191115,51.4803567003132,51.4803081742886,51.4803171698898,51.4803423115018,51.4802730691949,51.4802451877677,51.4802371147626,51.4801616444713,51.4800772449096,51.4799655612014,51.4797918572896,51.4798004944242,51.4798110721445,51.4797861016055,51.4792576805839,51.4792247178705,51.4792074438014,51.4792055509978,51.4786057730448,51.4780085909345,51.4763016858139,51.4738397535641,51.4729331928316,51.4712104019167,51.4706091787045,51.4700801325446,51.4697571933805,51.4697014304485,51.4696139962116,51.4693377549483,51.4692140261987,51.4689546317002,51.4685710145286,51.468344041298,51.4677304241833,51.4675801648506,51.4674637665334,51.4673708415688,51.467365330213,51.4671226148999,51.46679360936,51.4667640128195,51.4666709212205,51.466637849624,51.4666011484,51.4665575653204,51.4664713178647,51.4664098566615,51.4663973846391,51.4663389299528,51.4662296744965,51.4660723961656,51.4658980902507,51.4656266770296,51.4652254512749,51.4651760392043,51.4650265077319,51.464908319919,51.4647312533201,51.4646085476562,51.464406091108,51.4642399274252,51.4639746620975,51.4635230798466,51.4629422623422,51.4626067844501,51.4622047839536,51.4618190915089,51.4613244010996,51.4609301300892,51.460595744263,51.4602811522376,51.4598315148916,51.4594072549623,51.4590953235874,51.4589807547788,51.4581580929665,51.4578981025653,51.4578103965685,51.4576806228286,51.4576806468074,51.4571744326806,51.4571221691886,51.4569630521805,51.4566612660637,51.4565769678035,51.4559313864576,51.4554924364144,51.4551642199099,51.455099860239,51.4550373216904,51.4549903095195,51.4538894256404,51.4531916769694,51.4531185829332,51.4526570605062,51.4524143883425,51.4517071444634,51.4513247659453,51.4512927048738,51.4512291196535,51.4510549660539,51.4509602501209,51.450643384825,51.4501912934271,51.449873048118,51.4499195268178,51.4499608641919,51.4500518019963,51.4500921996286,51.4501307980241,51.4501125912572,51.4500318164937,51.4498488412895,51.4495078806633,51.4488371071651,51.4487636251127,51.4487304649353,51.4487180599982,51.4487096403463,51.4487179364498,51.4487294841004,51.4487537558774,51.4488134325207,51.4489938382406,51.4491941099586,51.4494932702543,51.4499396963705,51.4503387565189,51.4499403236396,51.4495631219982,51.4495076034629,51.4493078645304,51.4489988240971,51.4484276343352,51.4481385709897,51.4477960871165,51.447535881599,51.4473520504179,51.4471931194788,51.4469576468356,51.4464487583206,51.4461837913699,51.4458528194034,51.4455580499574,51.4452623579589,51.4448090038613,51.4445377370796,51.4441534512234,51.443355307235,51.4428681288813,51.4425259681956,51.4420978265509,51.4419724004949,51.4419094281013,51.4418474493104,51.4415337264664,51.4411574808426,51.441008638123,51.4409032578997,51.4408491580606,51.4395401460636,51.438990786865,51.4382090118449,51.4379891493611,51.4379296964659,51.4377670302802,51.4376271190908,51.4375407781874,51.4374955691047,51.4372823846983,51.4372169376025,51.4371743051404,51.4370917560696,51.4370414119577,51.4369873307908,51.4368831630318,51.4367928274665,51.4366785609103,51.4362887027329,51.4359193297079,51.43541128319,51.4350790078811,51.434704306152,51.4346313291308,51.4345309448959,51.434457377584,51.4343919691962,51.4343091097597,51.433922742819,51.4336917392083,51.4334444695799,51.4329998331386,51.4328457740831,51.432682374212,51.4326569302694,51.4325702650183,51.4325313427822,51.4324969607602,51.4324578734375,51.4324475651971,51.4324512085051,51.4324710985307,51.4324836808855,51.4324815059519,51.4324586139495,51.4324119075396,51.4323826066394,51.4323452415,51.432291866135,51.432235605634,51.432186156031,51.4320870439981,51.4313516588395,51.4297490601947,51.4296551978742,51.4295326968186,51.4291796678253,51.4287955180309,51.4285561481659,51.4283722111994,51.4281071845614,51.4276282592912,51.4274493134904,51.4270680768875,51.4265237357112,51.4262089968115,51.4261533277976,51.4261500402996,51.4261427320018,51.4261345014131,51.4261262708059,51.4261162428812,51.4261044176389,51.4260899672875,51.4260746182641,51.4260574719188,51.4260402783158,51.4260212873932,51.4260013978006,51.4259814845719,51.4259719536596,51.425958922605,51.4259459151583,51.4259328840897,51.4259198530142,51.4259058996684,51.4258919699298,51.4258770943083,51.425862242294,51.4258473430486,51.4258315451483,51.4258148485931,51.4257981284213,51.4257804623724,51.4257742898796,51.425755725176,51.4257371604689,51.4257185485373,51.4256990379531,51.4256795037562,51.4256599695571,51.4256394894862,51.4256190094139,51.42559852934,51.4255780020459,51.4249804593358,51.4249795842896,51.4246781517752,51.4231952983085,51.4217108957348,51.4210121723649,51.4207186340177,51.4206091367607,51.4208182819367,51.4208368674811,51.4208498726442,51.4208953706468,51.4209144779208,51.4209871981437,51.4211850029972,51.4215707978361,51.4216928620287,51.4217512473026,51.4218817095502,51.422108889023,51.4221408128698,51.422048212711,51.4219806291575,51.4218594620816,51.4218485092207,51.422333901801,51.423307592975,51.4233674687778,51.4233755284858,51.423325702512,51.4231366518318,51.4230069991578,51.4229986237489,51.4231032437949,51.4234128511613,51.423689349313,51.4241442746833,51.424527900738,51.4247250586757,51.4250082704014,51.425391597638,51.4257278598775,51.4261382285314,51.4265312871155,51.4269570959407,51.4272610046567,51.4273549047939,51.4273676738437,51.4274838633296,51.4276596497162,51.4276884171499,51.4277339068011,51.4277778639078,51.4278260795251,51.4278695436353,51.4279146407323,51.4279595735069,51.4280408816589,51.4281872817401,51.4282987450126,51.4284232355052,51.4284710990119,51.4285011302757,51.4285240427242,51.4285649217199,51.4285783010699,51.4285876331423,51.4287242620282,51.4288651731174,51.4290006714468,51.4290964462825,51.4292478596134,51.4293413985321,51.4294454398531,51.4297073244399,51.4305419732414,51.4318041623016,51.4327836023129,51.4343679295929,51.4351445928934,51.4360981186371,51.436457868583,51.4366697234783,51.4374086713512,51.4378491885237,51.4383126075818,51.4386240216039,51.4387436417222,51.4388192601623,51.4389736234664,51.4391057401892,51.4395984946164,51.440322498223,51.4408369832835,51.4410779211494,51.4414208282636,51.4417739616028,51.441964353945,51.4422566253173,51.4424427576938,51.4426907000246,51.4428182423082,51.4434012018594,51.4443445813597,51.4445218634237,51.4446319203185,51.4447012571748,51.4448815835292,51.4450793582976,51.445209045427,51.4452974176793,51.4454611029744,51.4455454493195,51.4457118198803,51.4462649221739,51.4465083680161,51.4467463982053,51.4477669430884,51.4481361272053,51.4484309890868,51.4487366918479,51.4490824720616,51.4491417477348,51.449204454791,51.4493483909325,51.4494043642998,51.4495367236917,51.4498635879537,51.450000684447,51.4500999672569,51.4501966706075,51.4502379495516,51.4502695763461,51.4502940837651,51.4503096977922,51.4503181691149,51.4503191014799,51.450306610881,51.4503119214777,51.4503569709723,51.450660448433,51.4510183013821,51.4510859571719,51.451158362574,51.4512418547966,51.4513582579496,51.4515670099667,51.4517598421106,51.4517853074248,51.4518570003999,51.451955746333,51.4520560799239,51.4521579778885,51.4522596662065,51.4523647162235,51.4525216690228,51.4526026550121,51.4529208805709,51.4530100708503,51.4530852553517,51.4532155842652,51.453776098121,51.4538671090198,51.4540541266138,51.4541519539034,51.4543915188628,51.454768758596,51.4554020942286,51.4556984115118,51.4560370804857,51.4561553765739,51.4564151459301,51.4568797123064,51.4571631935137,51.4574081714419,51.457604110722,51.4578811624385,51.4583754525244,51.4584572172859,51.4584927661555,51.4586503555875,51.4588627031173,51.4590124484711,51.459169055564,51.4595937222896,51.4600047769236,51.4604318742517,51.460580414515,51.4606588502011,51.4607150768916,51.4608367131138,51.4610336017781,51.4611207425392,51.4619928708741,51.4625535502386,51.4628320175052,51.4632942948095,51.4657338490899,51.4660003736482,51.4660866910871,51.4661578720751,51.4662147683868,51.4663179646841,51.4676131634509,51.4690881834427,51.4697744848178,51.4698216126626,51.4699239094002,51.4701453197711,51.47075182146,51.4709490476284,51.4720150413975,51.4720295368535,51.4721274572327,51.4719056580878,51.4717675974287,51.4717178811781,51.4716029141915,51.4708762394752,51.4707801907646,51.4707412815706,51.4706726835596,51.4706009352195,51.4705284050227,51.4703532474712,51.470200308365,51.469880850578,51.4706924786734,51.471933580318,51.4721886912187,51.4722662666638,51.4726235449547,51.4730561112497,51.4734240782876,51.473991224903,51.4742112746263,51.4742767704482,51.4743456743893,51.4744585425299,51.4747843944652,51.4762766567624,51.4766462285461,51.4767307147164,51.4768727506239,51.4775267518895,51.4783414624043,51.479146961825,51.4798480327598,51.4801193288296,51.4802064107969,51.4802744975379,51.4802947092123,51.4803530291657,51.4803823366114,51.480396134646,51.480415317648,51.4807135162815,51.4807900513685,51.4809028639439,51.4809076275622,51.4814393801073,51.4814585776044,51.4815842034551,51.4818332441989,51.4820945864213,51.4820984071315,51.4821000499927,51.4822032028865,51.4824350428954,51.4826970505754,51.4827802376843,51.4829503455346,51.482965189098,51.4832951623668,51.483521670582,51.4836540119241,51.4840610895701,51.4845308864821,51.4846925905776,51.4848900160455,51.4855048311731,51.4855647607247,51.4856489306401,51.4857438842786,51.4858482654888,51.4861549680086,51.4887693736197,51.4895521465094,51.4900301981615,51.4904610094687,51.490871629915,51.4910511325159,51.4910556025052,51.4911799006381,51.4913204078911,51.4914739004137,51.4916930284119,51.4917800861051,51.4918836689267,51.4919972671453,51.4920137688372,51.4919685610311,51.4919515422729,51.4922482187509,51.4925024720469,51.4927305012599,51.4929302531488,51.4930707490032,51.4933195776455,51.4935081265191,51.4935271611335,51.4936134308592,51.4936954996991,51.4941626120676,51.4949559282866,51.4953721554995,51.4953922799127,51.4954070587184,51.4954229507544,51.4954990063073,51.4955765923826,51.4964474432471,51.496777869821,51.4968436574153,51.4968749944281,51.4983650945218,51.4983759480334,51.498497445846,51.4991060054832,51.5003480906476,51.5004935424916,51.5005342767682,51.5007985308127,51.5015787984448,51.5016658592178,51.5015838717798,51.502010380516,51.5020457220739,51.5021329627974,51.5021630752432,51.5022049864567,51.5022730981663,51.5024138695951,51.5025226847534,51.5022223669249,51.503012524634,51.5033712645254,51.5036403270612,51.5036403503096,51.5040472010799,51.5042543950409,51.5043053161161,51.5044955903041,51.504688405735,51.5048295874517,51.5049820645071,51.5052907607269,51.5052944250877,51.5070639465731,51.5069088859945,51.5070071253768,51.5071148782822,51.5074242854496,51.5074749352899,51.5077586225888,51.5077528268325,51.5077049011519,51.508071009038,51.5084163781536,51.5084407114991]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0324128719994269,-0.0324011930050357,-0.0323600805613596,-0.0322068699510436,-0.0321839766956363,-0.0322892488360697,-0.0322831346486498,-0.0322309785220107,-0.0321274638419434,-0.0320263179933056,-0.031835940068215,-0.0316718154093144,-0.0315368914298684,-0.0310421394644653,-0.030648714436613,-0.0304523471742056,-0.0303350611350461,-0.0301237285556351,-0.0301099539234472,-0.0297737238835819,-0.0294453102649563,-0.0293409908982191,-0.0292989654037186,-0.0292313019537886,-0.0291880366640486,-0.0287887592058619,-0.0288516167379015,-0.0282264158135298,-0.0280132482663547,-0.0274176078712739,-0.02680140076737,-0.0264908374095906,-0.0263546364797734,-0.0260002297961062,-0.0256261803286956,-0.0248613273809012,-0.0249073362793187,-0.0248830622718481,-0.024847351506038,-0.0250298114384544,-0.0252012985450697,-0.0252072082312125,-0.0252222333300948,-0.0252896596555573,-0.0252959876837259,-0.0255780902991585,-0.0257391631772635,-0.0258191377097027,-0.0258829925134019,-0.0259521413551235,-0.026065125192995,-0.0263683764539135,-0.026408704876031,-0.0247198681711953,-0.0231612732011441,-0.0231207626681146,-0.0230709522800102,-0.0225235072038224,-0.020367433745228,-0.0204180309005636,-0.020014681004047,-0.01893472633835,-0.0187277581116582,-0.0185837634113886,-0.0184009114557492,-0.0181613892413801,-0.0178753075987566,-0.0176446281667056,-0.0171165672380599,-0.017203430951347,-0.0173576965874433,-0.0174449434961535,-0.0190744448590582,-0.0191362132560537,-0.0191733218499281,-0.0192052968618931,-0.0192126107242759,-0.0191983034888481,-0.0193448310418022,-0.0192039176203872,-0.0194443225127163,-0.0194006456892708,-0.0194424266659154,-0.0196373616215662,-0.0198289503003351,-0.0198265801757289,-0.0195719834755467,-0.0195362794887329,-0.0194808958265305,-0.0194569768327208,-0.019387637538063,-0.0193059258260858,-0.019307727677778,-0.0193391556751917,-0.0193750161534946,-0.019446930330868,-0.0198087530822587,-0.020023401752829,-0.0206175722646229,-0.0207856669692589,-0.0208216038442861,-0.0208472730447052,-0.0209967371781085,-0.0209571450914412,-0.0209762413554389,-0.0210229510307613,-0.0210924513725121,-0.0211378384807322,-0.0212789000482551,-0.0214011378532069,-0.0214805943272655,-0.0216374849688739,-0.0226509641948077,-0.0226992694844643,-0.0228141138922539,-0.0224139931024425,-0.0221762494738503,-0.0219724185000005,-0.0217239392025612,-0.021513651089622,-0.0213109854590796,-0.0209600245005176,-0.0209223381528101,-0.020843078170602,-0.0208619020084484,-0.0209062388940827,-0.0209647321874472,-0.0210344649904471,-0.0210638281604975,-0.0211020197030454,-0.0211777804449914,-0.0212545523223641,-0.0222433691067956,-0.0223980375992196,-0.0224757028780422,-0.022549751676312,-0.0227636148316941,-0.0227676197216116,-0.0228872093137256,-0.022924581348052,-0.0229185120009982,-0.022930602743089,-0.0228305617640013,-0.0228016975064203,-0.0228032117317224,-0.0228110609181191,-0.0226459705909801,-0.022611624725727,-0.0226178856803715,-0.0226727174694333,-0.0225065002190811,-0.0224494518637997,-0.0223414924383319,-0.0221884975178143,-0.0221015773494973,-0.0220320411399307,-0.0218850350674613,-0.0218708400819512,-0.0217724102481319,-0.0215776859923285,-0.0216450041337629,-0.0214631925262071,-0.0212345577965661,-0.0211411440543859,-0.0210523194822924,-0.0209345222387163,-0.0208366757982465,-0.0207965806887384,-0.0207679581034865,-0.0207507302193234,-0.0207361859703979,-0.0206656414203448,-0.0206476357333677,-0.0206208798986052,-0.0205537956897385,-0.0203275366459883,-0.020225918708385,-0.020118040093999,-0.0200506845156283,-0.0200045632354483,-0.0199900193362078,-0.0199784707969347,-0.0199831003849585,-0.020006124340428,-0.0200417091936856,-0.020082699356708,-0.0201560064956726,-0.020337271259174,-0.0203277442374314,-0.0202997068215299,-0.020245108883995,-0.0201452057193089,-0.0201100119564867,-0.0200519907631574,-0.0199992971242298,-0.0198933651826222,-0.019398625013485,-0.0193454657639608,-0.0193192170123857,-0.0192852692193026,-0.0191530292098378,-0.0191100679879703,-0.019023313293334,-0.0188842872196801,-0.0188275930478736,-0.0189586072085558,-0.0189819011907323,-0.0189452384962977,-0.0187925336277823,-0.0186717157493988,-0.0189375549054781,-0.0190317359990129,-0.0190903790467814,-0.0191999648277918,-0.0192726858662177,-0.0191668449662018,-0.0190209491944155,-0.0190181883492471,-0.019118015368569,-0.0187006171517397,-0.0184734480150634,-0.0182004312568594,-0.0178871660052325,-0.017743910022097,-0.0175090000533323,-0.0172738566324334,-0.0171616366371062,-0.0171617145596378,-0.0171404862053621,-0.017113892372567,-0.0169494210089813,-0.0165589895723336,-0.0164673915729687,-0.0164164173964353,-0.0162696759909685,-0.015904495248643,-0.0158067059916341,-0.0155598011082638,-0.0154562188398468,-0.0153012359785024,-0.0150902208456616,-0.0150267210983691,-0.0146525811787033,-0.0144938801605986,-0.0141080746418663,-0.0134761382658151,-0.0131289768663874,-0.0134740157615136,-0.0137168549262372,-0.0138409606620017,-0.0140467463725236,-0.014097055531342,-0.0144229251895495,-0.0148607368880848,-0.0151845092298001,-0.0147546224738431,-0.0145344323988692,-0.0145286379194005,-0.014540974018883,-0.014542954381867,-0.0142576128314974,-0.0140695227898728,-0.0136714068702524,-0.0133632294773132,-0.0131439398851695,-0.012874016458621,-0.0125188480036505,-0.0116787257134317,-0.0103223650771764,-0.0100780519983922,-0.00907176844761832,-0.00889587213305768,-0.00861442832259595,-0.00814348183745376,-0.0073628232088518,-0.00695462194576492,-0.0066892909669118,-0.00563043913890807,-0.00359806928841247,-0.00234966293810762,-0.00149654280764248,-0.00132439119257437,-0.00119221328402646,-0.000983579930577973,-0.000359103918585913,-5.72091177417772e-06,0.000365675363044042,0.000877977602548187,0.00163626299511446,0.00284280072286571,0.00375903128692758,0.00454478351805742,0.00541158796612332,0.00748967029111151,0.00921879267861346,0.0101483341472055,0.0120888979491085,0.0135636251193125,0.0143568054169076,0.0152510675279308,0.0170401577459715,0.0180411475307085,0.0181236009675934,0.017780554148426,0.01655269249871,0.0161948038577966,0.0160291070992007,0.0149849011726023,0.0149531548802695,0.0149952001724695,0.0150789979367915,0.0152127979152547,0.0153575389168242,0.0155158082572472,0.0158930733111621,0.0161437983572912,0.0161961076235313,0.01619923543711,0.0162055702898254,0.0162912359465811,0.0163474003049262,0.0164638866129073,0.0166055666355097,0.0166942642069184,0.016623143122152,0.0166119991033946,0.0165329810554891,0.0163305361017028,0.0161118753629056,0.0160417996451626,0.0160303292409623,0.0159601472744213,0.0158498258283891,0.0158314260769608,0.0155282055888779,0.0152629590410805,0.014987270318406,0.0145451974714295,0.0143584600792347,0.0140251257173851,0.0137560211204445,0.0135875657065924,0.0134968832890945,0.0134860707662861,0.0134811069376531,0.0129924662823368,0.0126017028123875,0.0128898408072729,0.0130134194464148,0.0130516520300416,0.0130689116435409,0.0130531053976542,0.0129767397394718,0.012779908556884,0.0126928402503471,0.0126668061869458,0.0126911662765738,0.0127648222656352,0.0130126438603261,0.0131414582300586,0.0132453792587668,0.0131535557293509,0.0129743041086662,0.0128374863686502,0.0127463355413571,0.0124830878948223,0.0120895370566521,0.0118085056463625,0.0115965790312327,0.0114594475766966,0.0113027283068729,0.0109134922020406,0.0107539357900061,0.0104848439120941,0.0099432309868878,0.00909709402704866,0.00911630549765582,0.00917418983221989,0.00913883845117989,0.00906781982062198,0.00898747742940513,0.00898806153698301,0.00901771597559405,0.00904892733817172,0.00912088924310533,0.00926910140043509,0.00927983828590255,0.00931015407815597,0.00938039473471476,0.00953272071120016,0.00961781417817812,0.00971959940163961,0.00979562537510848,0.0098250300605555,0.00984393045688609,0.00982325250557565,0.00980468460074726,0.00976486022685449,0.00974710482514453,0.00982377400747538,0.00986709054311743,0.00990348335547574,0.00994738894905061,0.0101138498282211,0.0103110232406768,0.0104429462798172,0.0106451970276788,0.0107961487130392,0.0109988119795505,0.0112336697259957,0.0112567791107986,0.0113753998430628,0.0114149004109835,0.0114815880608892,0.0114853194920965,0.0114838344007282,0.0114846406671676,0.0115161193853953,0.0115189566021966,0.011700380189353,0.0119152174376506,0.0122885014773183,0.012606675681277,0.0129790702089518,0.0131602917250542,0.0135285903706087,0.0140305875374421,0.0141972504425816,0.0143952397915083,0.014813266948828,0.0153161931266923,0.0160243348493662,0.0174796500853742,0.0175138921013844,0.0174728314236796,0.0174522713658778,0.0174285970333727,0.0174381463376,0.0174386733695442,0.0174625778566609,0.0174783832958304,0.0174951119061184,0.0175022598802879,0.0175075614134564,0.0176039931965189,0.0177035936917018,0.0178589239959756,0.0179280859014609,0.0180101007548854,0.0180415555413656,0.0183304580039625,0.0183315791351841,0.0192890581675099,0.019535902459459,0.0196396474093886,0.0197106467340929,0.0197448270234822,0.019871629866504,0.0198383933188618,0.0151227125932826,0.0150091306894085,0.0148759486003468,0.0150637514206382,0.0172939381145907,0.0179854379865448,0.0191655399861637,0.0204671609052182,0.021567308843955,0.0219275696907627,0.0221314061664062,0.0221405684636983,0.0221792733506473,0.0221967552271722,0.0222937948679642,0.022401685921474,0.022459473230041,0.0226786787587816,0.0228201046199282,0.0229423975260055,0.0227510733548376,0.021531872166133,0.0212100167753961,0.0212339533340949,0.021262210849074,0.0212630800944214,0.0214210744168901,0.0214964699149955,0.0214833694398462,0.0205968158023713,0.0210981811751772,0.0214828622706499,0.0215539644313345,0.0220743668893495,0.0227761179473422,0.0232590955257821,0.0236384857392285,0.0241737697743997,0.024417542749757,0.0246729772255999,0.0250043407731246,0.0254161851266832,0.0262178588721715,0.0266622086872959,0.0268524118362081,0.0272811029660926,0.0277674675187697,0.028215959700091,0.0285632791030445,0.0286487508233659,0.0288805232483595,0.028895061308463,0.0293589657507601,0.0293447140860753,0.029082562680076,0.0290857292020384,0.0289701145875287,0.0288830229326472,0.0288209811240588,0.0286989570506903,0.0285768105381999,0.0285709747382141,0.0287253603035975,0.0288758592659112,0.0288658155730716,0.0288175132354836,0.0288137115687,0.0286891461118239,0.0259892667508177,0.0259681250140162,0.0247907927110484,0.0247627739227682,0.0247841914708855,0.0248715353260903,0.0248893029279612,0.0249302235936341,0.0250289265918251,0.0251261425387008,0.025289065878042,0.0252855545026453,0.0252692763734571,0.0253759323379871,0.0255002032435892,0.0257446786673127,0.0262715167467248,0.027240267236245,0.0276530513537157,0.0276904320046544,0.0277013020761757,0.0279927603328785,0.0285265595941309,0.0286424569114584,0.0286739671319808,0.0286778423047687,0.0288677635941254,0.0289682178353281,0.0290238238276773,0.0290656853077351,0.0290334174126242,0.0289164673728985,0.0286035259286359,0.0285843191144886,0.0291078510411454,0.0296074949846847,0.0298973110111908,0.0298618522336126,0.0300536664022301,0.0301676462098827,0.0302734348795226,0.0305018213310958,0.0311183783762219,0.0313576270485079,0.0313815877225655,0.0310468620489694,0.0311475803448244,0.0313502230376774,0.0314300423214811,0.0315315826883282,0.0315876836233227,0.0321589363937722,0.0322184512028003,0.032451709677472,0.033223668960353,0.0337005200065479,0.0346459913393774,0.0372093908890649,0.0376692350104944,0.0376985069935347,0.0376272000074704,0.0375903330991619,0.0375517816807752,0.0375506203491894,0.0375389979636507,0.037487476215557,0.0374855917843755,0.0375178801451013,0.0375041336468682,0.0376031175376159,0.0375217716543695,0.0376125659266775,0.037651933686956,0.0377191304466148,0.0378040032654298,0.0378141819426419,0.0378324639071784,0.0379193804255939,0.0380155610013497,0.0381703362125834,0.0381128745861748,0.0381195021521784,0.0382214280162324,0.0382978383493643,0.0382759028030057,0.0383321889397464,0.0382660244631908,0.0381661191860332,0.0378310665395446,0.0378359366644917,0.0378572085840407,0.0378758951382971,0.0384638027052398,0.0384366211343408,0.0385706241135235,0.0386132138567517,0.0386620452093174,0.0387726444327039,0.0388192576511109,0.0388267915979229,0.038940824529665,0.0389430592641094,0.0390048739784385,0.0390215541788999,0.0390326476038912,0.0390452528951355,0.0390394043901449,0.0390291531087286,0.0390286249719404,0.0388245234833565,0.0386661342604485,0.037468740571851,0.0361858840503281,0.0349606106325834,0.0345659509060554,0.0343368573214963,0.0340010795170758,0.0337641159442592,0.0335174105285639,0.0332408785898943,0.0328943141374968,0.0325064193316352,0.0323354909501194,0.032161527874386,0.0314684921748056,0.0312118704409228,0.0307805648703865,0.030292836411125,0.0300845250433333,0.0299480820546236,0.0295803464274439,0.0291207784222704,0.028442861576643,0.0272141118680528,0.0269094226809871,0.0260611473721894,0.025410480178492,0.0253398517557983,0.0250808553209715,0.0244594163443919,0.0242058492431661,0.0240032617363199,0.0237180724641731,0.0237072241818102,0.0234788995690901,0.0231933812300796,0.0229482071844982,0.0225283984176749,0.0222645407239165,0.021893420468078,0.0216708945217731,0.0215138374506583,0.02153789630673,0.0214732615422903,0.0211352786264757,0.0210424115156016,0.0209126077613298,0.0209054603212984,0.020201778034831,0.019962550159285,0.0196898933676542,0.0194948899248791,0.0187751751175989,0.0185877668453898,0.0183408701139374,0.0181403950001912,0.0178938036433278,0.0176466582308318,0.0174356986561623,0.0172151652161639,0.01688617930797,0.0161274643307071,0.0160480646387274,0.015673641769256,0.0149815791639521,0.0145668416723824,0.0144936526568929,0.0141075195584468,0.0142605307541218,0.0143954657130226,0.0135129944479125,0.0133448100201046,0.0122262522728508,0.0122247754553098,0.0118133668493348,0.0116181906678553,0.0112617445849859,0.0109860832833284,0.010690155791762,0.0101478184499764,0.00996666852483571,0.00892814772175081,0.00866463130115571,0.00807671503571464,0.00784034082937348,0.0075019652847112,0.00734933960365103,0.00697057170793628,0.00684810875120334,0.00678619021061816,0.00672263797097754,0.00687081339667825,0.00673587308223655,0.00629778686167673,0.00612412349137128,0.00605334656401851,0.0060237381913314,0.00600610206132902,0.00595706454156812,0.00590141066650918,0.00584382690797287,0.00572499639029841,0.00561951328562905,0.00550692332338204,0.00522808502474571,0.00551492163842039,0.00537339323172204,0.00532874366718473,0.00546731817006421,0.00567197413270319,0.00555712128808527,0.00513885801554344,0.00349338123709569,0.00321357560321165,0.00172874704541813,0.00107644806722606,0.000848350016075435,0.00059970127641002,0.000517974800413111,0.000135344769499783,-7.72535043581219e-05,-0.000132638610677554,-0.000149074781236962,-0.000164073796473473,-0.000176198512972124,-0.000188362443806418,-0.000199128444448119,-0.000200683253199141,-0.000206980929401871,-0.000211802237780038,-0.000215186401076893,-0.000218570562573864,-0.000220556801626762,-0.000221105898080286,-0.00022161577300308,-0.000223602009347013,-0.000224111883191691,-0.000226098117614899,-0.000226647211349422,-0.000280104203313263,-0.000317522097531414,-0.000316673254148665,-0.000303075186996175,-0.000347171536825333,-0.000511382378503738,-0.00087511629910918,-0.000857688606132475,-0.000754050286261716,-0.000852282423714288,-0.00340404433316055,-0.00342701028198036,-0.0035983209669231,-0.00349268443678728,-0.0032839715353679,-0.00499381369933598,-0.00502043169258844,-0.00502679540562824,-0.00504920152940396,-0.00514740941447626,-0.00515352806150595,-0.00516239309101108,-0.00522552510301155,-0.00541605486599758,-0.00551154523793179,-0.00553417348993563,-0.00599948906912914,-0.00606432490271615,-0.00611148528253901,-0.00628937306500431,-0.00656510118030996,-0.00668184166218089,-0.00670352067256428,-0.0066930663805603,-0.00662734861080137,-0.00758494351224531,-0.00769206710748622,-0.00784704320923972,-0.00817917570236421,-0.00848601819581359,-0.00870493443908131,-0.0089235062276198,-0.00905223849536319,-0.00916431140109092,-0.00924298799351773,-0.0105454783280915,-0.0118455673427784,-0.0127906271891114,-0.0135131039958747,-0.0142626478157712,-0.014265623645696,-0.0142661261081258,-0.0143888549683206,-0.0143778148376895,-0.014558882426197,-0.0143097329792448,-0.0143079843715674,-0.0142748537407086,-0.0141524296786357,-0.0141520636798877,-0.0141526439756859,-0.0144261956227712,-0.0152238988870974,-0.0158463519206092,-0.0164625891955469,-0.0165691275860209,-0.016885518519486,-0.017364764598073,-0.01798721420444,-0.0179818923447398,-0.0178467436345292,-0.0202613569242868,-0.0203064127598768,-0.0203571394520766,-0.0204681862577231,-0.0205407408506594,-0.0205829210961373,-0.0205963986025692,-0.0206953645376397,-0.021040468085866,-0.0210404303829545,-0.0210416379562614,-0.0214604693222782,-0.0214949589289808,-0.0217186913441321,-0.021961301927623,-0.0221855415310758,-0.0217362872125255,-0.0225553267691694,-0.0219723210544819,-0.021634868806244,-0.0214790780177668,-0.0213843841401199,-0.0213086862414058,-0.0212657729116044,-0.021235765894043,-0.0212187156486105,-0.0211928867567797,-0.0210882841774718,-0.0210415186236232,-0.0210120375016239,-0.0209043643281027,-0.0208089262088153,-0.0207776183900128,-0.021039860863006,-0.0210989441864026,-0.0213395123980498,-0.0216066136089766,-0.0216747495587708,-0.0216333034403145,-0.0209596709531652,-0.020947823420995,-0.0213242413967161,-0.0221023398328191,-0.0222394702998152,-0.0222632836274842,-0.0223559650416928,-0.022394847610587,-0.0225521290923487,-0.0226061234297507,-0.0227182797838253,-0.0229332701714606,-0.0231134934696653,-0.0231571607256763,-0.0234611562304867,-0.0237065680605744,-0.0239266466811321,-0.0241882963424865,-0.0244274508227861,-0.0247702118166711,-0.0251154193041914,-0.0254883253849997,-0.0255981967684838,-0.0256657224163553,-0.0257489386675235,-0.0257714716766856,-0.0257777677161764,-0.0257968107813083,-0.0258190295964835,-0.0259998092105653,-0.0260153103614663,-0.026190057998781,-0.0268362928276796,-0.02704091863248,-0.0271793818009266,-0.0274237581042985,-0.027792149600839,-0.0277945214013482,-0.0278108145158527,-0.0278247686970358,-0.0278437373737711,-0.0278952514143081,-0.0284136469733677,-0.0294696492156213,-0.0296447578277428,-0.0297932904078553,-0.0301069488216598,-0.0302419971520229,-0.030299223730078,-0.0304250990839904,-0.0305996460549914,-0.0310216540909445,-0.0319974772108056,-0.0319426299293802,-0.031820069004904,-0.0323672067185549,-0.0329949928468872,-0.033129008417032,-0.0333736359711525,-0.0335872294855256,-0.0335868437162126,-0.0335879053963241,-0.0336624958595362,-0.0342390579987833,-0.03423828671301,-0.0342270854316046,-0.0342617761434418,-0.0344930731175562,-0.034884104207963,-0.0356106900605374,-0.0358740058959027,-0.0361572913661098,-0.0364972137167347,-0.0374854853434149,-0.0377576674561904,-0.0380854931193538,-0.0383105171282071,-0.0384762870922166,-0.0386173564360612,-0.0389634470139138,-0.0395373669816914,-0.0398104854168149,-0.0399208568307573,-0.0403156928569908,-0.040711052672594,-0.0410689325355507,-0.0411925170095151,-0.0413537648927697,-0.041666504134563,-0.0417124843115206,-0.0416077451242995,-0.0428367118290073,-0.0428717459938174,-0.0429426833497207,-0.0430151444152246,-0.0433194520827875,-0.0435546287261228,-0.0437791464945014,-0.0438254873655759,-0.0436908676593157,-0.0444295383322379,-0.0462885645575486,-0.0462658749106993,-0.0460187282843123,-0.046017060778081,-0.04601545089378,-0.0468909123798436,-0.0472419325767653,-0.047241741043834,-0.0472312399008371,-0.0485536993232029,-0.0487470702696256,-0.0491040483774693,-0.0493323745768283,-0.0497690782280753,-0.050007886102902,-0.0503809408367899,-0.050487741249916,-0.0507377565396668,-0.051253626474789,-0.051773808013889,-0.0517621199834054,-0.0517646459829437,-0.051809088811562,-0.0518650701794364,-0.0525310976455855,-0.0547803854929087,-0.0547883737822787,-0.0548914577821198,-0.0551547729307864,-0.0557920870999091,-0.0558077837189372,-0.0558307672430035,-0.05584007792043,-0.0563106681236242,-0.0564150353015394,-0.0564308463070896,-0.0565804465604972,-0.056735605672208,-0.0567887881616055,-0.0570143290737724,-0.0577478118452697,-0.0581251443440975,-0.0581218886629745,-0.0580806694341033,-0.0581302156914097,-0.0584303688563497,-0.0592751691203172,-0.0596039995653801,-0.0598748879621021,-0.0599854825682139,-0.0614231834588862,-0.0614932668573276,-0.0614846649707533,-0.0615741423075231,-0.0614453518547666,-0.0616381038341272,-0.0619776497030189,-0.0621660910337841,-0.0623273736789564,-0.0626034998785364,-0.0626189004951489,-0.0628132520364394,-0.0629215474053196,-0.0634623608938845,-0.0634607272447387,-0.0634894761127175,-0.0644291468267526,-0.0645320409425793,-0.0646043304584145,-0.0646626199149026,-0.0648702459237047,-0.0648746237887169,-0.064876663464033,-0.0650583455324878,-0.0650769184109055,-0.0652878430047069,-0.0655356858600688,-0.0658416674082923,-0.0660625753594492,-0.0667429465854755,-0.0669319654554128,-0.0674694762501272,-0.0679674254375625,-0.0680070300504866,-0.0679346961645666,-0.0679151372821519,-0.0682441250346695,-0.0686631080818064,-0.0686903821134829,-0.0687874549224155,-0.0688424620308989,-0.0688818930275111,-0.0692290702072388,-0.0696066995147906,-0.0702744724686309,-0.0703171045270898,-0.0703440758184399,-0.0703596987512783,-0.0704008555252474,-0.0704434497990537,-0.0704846066217371,-0.0705272009451635,-0.070571308477911,-0.0706140164085906,-0.0706596371667882,-0.0706653492259056,-0.070735331433373,-0.0708054272256118,-0.0708769983738088,-0.0709486452418806,-0.0709830312047965,-0.0710547159494027,-0.0711264385557546,-0.0711982368610636,-0.0713460702667367,-0.0715508354360197,-0.0719270394551334,-0.0722189996135898,-0.0723805270901891,-0.0727887713765035,-0.0730719921751957,-0.07339531086593,-0.0736517114888958,-0.0738127078269287,-0.0738589716913031,-0.0739067108122157,-0.0739356493318978,-0.0739304315367128,-0.0739848055474314,-0.0741661834454931,-0.0743270910245674,-0.0744907513290357,-0.0747957259065647,-0.0749442639811241,-0.0750286000039398,-0.0750933443131952,-0.0750484277439369,-0.0749702924946027,-0.0749277404003203,-0.0748935847951941,-0.0735861144484096,-0.0728617463571724,-0.0727640625003003,-0.072708750902332,-0.0726301338877578,-0.0725401287720243,-0.0724608680115878,-0.0723833852351975,-0.0722159720937809,-0.072076895954484,-0.0716077974293937,-0.0713349797152959,-0.071109946088177,-0.070943213747654,-0.0706953281017729,-0.0703929988493241,-0.0701872584860904,-0.069984203807724,-0.0696223205650059,-0.0695291726021383,-0.0690216225027414,-0.0686022227064905,-0.0677533380073911,-0.0671515942794402,-0.0667087897235701,-0.0661443213587609,-0.0660429882108064,-0.0659740439291495,-0.0659090710461887,-0.0658343327895136,-0.065788088014457,-0.0656068035677339,-0.0654157984326559,-0.0650864342783182,-0.0648003323268073,-0.0646111984679309,-0.0645603266427423,-0.0645306095151149,-0.0644672148151723,-0.0644203253504574,-0.0643649608486772,-0.0642449266097269,-0.064158233708068,-0.0639828077359947,-0.0635507772142596,-0.0634567799006789,-0.0634574445578468,-0.0635436126108102,-0.0637007610365785,-0.063706879797289,-0.0637335529093145,-0.0637522900712987,-0.0638010013280265,-0.0640535720330939,-0.0642800753974963,-0.0646713284288716,-0.0650262115557385,-0.0646117174548366,-0.0642775645117636,-0.0642188239750291,-0.0641657971459002,-0.0640827885853476,-0.0638704192523374,-0.0637336327507449,-0.0636655384775919,-0.0637497776211496,-0.0637133757162424,-0.0636400212637223,-0.0634841308141428,-0.0633651287033546,-0.0632447249422437,-0.0630839318185606,-0.062901464771905,-0.062569075879215,-0.0623432380130388,-0.0622199392777866,-0.0620797547640144,-0.0618269592924329,-0.0613835845986096,-0.0609726891245249,-0.0596776817965176,-0.0590615535876293,-0.0586875234700805,-0.0586189647560479,-0.0581006749022713,-0.0575613259477832,-0.0565434617661607,-0.0554355181402601,-0.0547487777129806,-0.0543312884776401,-0.054081343190032,-0.0540076036051668,-0.0539539465553027,-0.0539083836257832,-0.0537878448152509,-0.0536450073961008,-0.0535797164755799,-0.0534646104341701,-0.0530700256051657,-0.0509546346759246,-0.0499355371056182,-0.0493664416534309,-0.0490866665658559,-0.0487217649753316,-0.04823982944232,-0.0477579714428508,-0.0469414918353515,-0.0465114884891526,-0.0461507881265284,-0.0458752607174564,-0.0454831912892902,-0.0451789282123866,-0.0451964712532178,-0.0451242651737492,-0.0450006504362564,-0.0448740643456642,-0.044507982427779,-0.0438862063115039,-0.0436628148094154,-0.043189696041172,-0.0429893823439384,-0.0424456929522112,-0.041648675879561,-0.0418251477642915,-0.0419620921115342,-0.042100398294264,-0.0427455996056473,-0.0434522878966957,-0.0446323674444298,-0.0449958213687239,-0.0461603938139329,-0.0461032181260617,-0.0460016639346827,-0.0457813978350305,-0.0457799593899552,-0.0457427479421509,-0.0457174095242005,-0.0456156165409278,-0.0453357571257446,-0.0453035114371167,-0.0452426796109231,-0.0451770471803711,-0.04512328496918,-0.045114160617049,-0.0451056298100588,-0.0451290897318183,-0.0451885675392244,-0.0452368684045048,-0.0453463769837235,-0.0454572901389416,-0.0457204031873131,-0.0459991210725144,-0.0462138185378556,-0.0463636462999198,-0.0465867888939191,-0.0467730275416142,-0.0470375690748176,-0.0473305408223251,-0.047561708582314,-0.0477208465331278,-0.0485401979814378,-0.0482061191563365,-0.0486291612404655,-0.0490558122865472,-0.0494067681474365,-0.0496231161817146,-0.0496700958804346,-0.0499050330788112,-0.0502785697874518,-0.0505200295554414,-0.050888481097279,-0.0508222829406686,-0.0506340271449851,-0.0505751755077384,-0.0510002810433363,-0.0513196461773855,-0.0513266102244651,-0.0511282812127266,-0.0508814383165,-0.0509945369054817,-0.0514464025808392,-0.0516843797801224,-0.0520409515551983,-0.0522818735097796,-0.0521513384332843,-0.0517824915579838,-0.0516866166733845,-0.0516871207496379,-0.0518015101368531,-0.0519805548895314,-0.0521738080353587,-0.0527570407700278,-0.0527630744253158,-0.0527475093200252,-0.052699292258052,-0.0543285621615421,-0.0539473204406874,-0.0539530004528852,-0.0540185118811683,-0.0539998270327222,-0.0537080231938356,-0.0536954387962369,-0.0536541243539517,-0.0536213682954407,-0.0535218019155679,-0.053478161993343,-0.0534702478292754,-0.0535203209702636,-0.0535732638472234,-0.0535735169205681,-0.0535734491515254,-0.0534132193428898,-0.0533588755150366,-0.0533568091911449,-0.0533882794933146,-0.0535069649447489,-0.053514345944661,-0.0534894209215155,-0.0534278278993932,-0.0533060675833338,-0.0532686189780241,-0.0532189296970081,-0.0531877733437085,-0.0531566934538587,-0.0531682452106226,-0.0532604296442414,-0.0532507230157803,-0.0531188253693356,-0.0530527536041904,-0.0530175472881381,-0.0529744789124799,-0.0529427089817337,-0.0528114705324193,-0.0528187354491899,-0.0528575566372399,-0.0529597043741035,-0.0529559685457919,-0.0529495533342771,-0.0529786987831155,-0.052921534147532,-0.052922307376246,-0.0528009500090838,-0.0528326824957764,-0.0528902531118909,-0.0529824043813377,-0.0529847470341148,-0.0531180202217174,-0.0530137022762819,-0.0529644218628848,-0.053000006316441,-0.053001215946034,-0.0530409272411823,-0.0530973674088207,-0.0531691418265712,-0.0531958612950243,-0.0532493839686831,-0.0533148653948933,-0.0534231287634101,-0.053551889513163,-0.0535601768769731,-0.0531402049168991,-0.0531812877966295,-0.0530797300699865,-0.0529491940219821,-0.0529464607207172,-0.052940550036634,-0.0529203683954727,-0.0528940235493211,-0.0528567992104907,-0.0528443655520426,-0.0528805558539071,-0.0529017326674303,-0.0529339421701074,-0.0529942347054072,-0.0530305481515667,-0.0531561104779202,-0.0531861076360356,-0.0532545851097408,-0.0533219526531397,-0.0534061718232386,-0.0535154281407876,-0.0535645669101784,-0.0537288209688645,-0.0539775072559336,-0.052889862968115,-0.0526311862879402,-0.052622128758287,-0.0525005444236586,-0.052412862924674,-0.0521749634268724,-0.0521198449866822,-0.0517503026451615,-0.0513084841981151,-0.0511157415114141,-0.0507700434024619,-0.050738069966401,-0.0506442364707914,-0.0504643921379732,-0.0503845004887595,-0.0503089650995889,-0.0503442218803046,-0.0501087651461758,-0.0501695864249432,-0.0519587310682263,-0.051466140834449,-0.0511516775852039,-0.0508174990507022,-0.0503452504160159,-0.0496574634469883,-0.0497130681987174,-0.0493583486646747,-0.0492609454962062,-0.0492201398236527,-0.0475500521624245,-0.0475957693621637,-0.0465674553881514,-0.046566139140508,-0.0465673905348454,-0.0461644328441216,-0.045927271388187,-0.0458317699635167,-0.0455218198795633,-0.0451157873883516,-0.0451354574348735,-0.0447581570706375,-0.0447370694698301,-0.0445765170177732,-0.0445526997878397,-0.0444988076356961,-0.0427407306956685,-0.0423572954926337,-0.0422258811866002,-0.0425080684437328,-0.0403437766702011,-0.0410557121601089,-0.040070409203359,-0.0405633744023205,-0.0405530663800994,-0.0403702577611139,-0.0399662612845775,-0.0399342828212423,-0.0399023043487938,-0.0398703644149626,-0.0398369849229717,-0.0398036825209442,-0.0397718196639302,-0.0397370777003999,-0.0397038523839454,-0.0396879787756461,-0.0396547920072385,-0.0396201656866091,-0.0395870560217481,-0.0395539849119167,-0.0395194742539676,-0.0394864417042225,-0.0394534477140681,-0.0394204537288545,-0.0393860587558628,-0.0393531418971023,-0.0393202250458505,-0.0392873467612856,-0.0392559080346489,-0.0392230683278661,-0.039191668179801,-0.0391745092801416,-0.0391331479947705,-0.0390932648380807,-0.0390519807163834,-0.0390136142743198,-0.0389738468718505,-0.0389355190388399,-0.0388986693406106,-0.0388604186875652,-0.0388236461726279,-0.0387883132275287,-0.0387515793330585,-0.0387177245516686,-0.0387078406025489,-0.0386669424263213,-0.0386275224001525,-0.038589619096696,-0.0385516772583601,-0.0385138126049014,-0.0384788656425555,-0.0384439187181648,-0.0384104113684262,-0.0383867879246394,-0.0382350216555107,-0.0381240378221065,-0.0380915845034432,-0.0380576530949278,-0.0380237217087604,-0.0379897517611017,-0.0379543423060225,-0.0379174161744925,-0.0378833305324785,-0.0378464044396457,-0.0378094011923315,-0.0377709584357728,-0.0377324771084342,-0.0376939186185477,-0.0376538820262686,-0.0376510415653411,-0.0376209658916403,-0.0375908516319976,-0.0375606987846505,-0.0375305459405504,-0.0375003930996977,-0.0374759597680906,-0.0373768641237583,-0.0373150803555925,-0.0352387216093306,-0.0333273155477514,-0.0333040894353065,-0.0332477972770693,-0.0329109223829939,-0.0325503561272178,-0.0325812136090533,-0.0324128719994269],"lat":[51.4930554772886,51.4930256055403,51.4929098096239,51.4929216269544,51.4928511000165,51.4928150973832,51.4927898153313,51.4926963157001,51.4925911629739,51.4924644675162,51.4920682929368,51.4917984559867,51.4916199348892,51.4908994093723,51.4904018030082,51.4901116388238,51.4899585919606,51.4897149376804,51.4897003180062,51.4893466527675,51.4889454567147,51.4888258995792,51.4887649423936,51.4886972594278,51.4886650579109,51.4883040351485,51.4882493372497,51.4877163514429,51.4875491000169,51.4871326123698,51.4867256674518,51.4865792558451,51.4864978278491,51.4862994186785,51.4860889871823,51.4856894207427,51.4855580033332,51.4855530981109,51.4855462016976,51.4852902858554,51.4850215951754,51.4849848247126,51.4846370609899,51.4843432365857,51.4841967624392,51.4834344372386,51.4825729525534,51.4821885129631,51.4820439065834,51.4819434534524,51.4818284506856,51.4815763647436,51.4815095984274,51.4811969907373,51.4807372758365,51.4802419948829,51.4796287528176,51.4796995561231,51.479935651693,51.4802305670413,51.4803658410003,51.4807270907599,51.4807838447023,51.4808164829399,51.4808484643004,51.480858804319,51.4808800472752,51.4807196745003,51.4804094900369,51.4802994495581,51.4802292173669,51.4801767364537,51.4798292825804,51.4797664779963,51.4797077531258,51.4796345532048,51.4795987059804,51.4794635738374,51.4792061602523,51.4791678089759,51.478239327449,51.4782170071794,51.4779839028132,51.4779719079102,51.4780039203859,51.4779256438909,51.4779186459854,51.4779117480183,51.4778937263813,51.4778807325693,51.4776862182667,51.4776110977942,51.4773035779401,51.4772429585052,51.4772129891148,51.4771818302016,51.4771070072995,51.4771385096714,51.4767861363083,51.4766621769485,51.4766304098714,51.4766029658123,51.4764436201424,51.4763934920232,51.4763515486723,51.476303776513,51.476261784621,51.4762445652675,51.4762127737372,51.4762166351696,51.4762107818555,51.4762125299888,51.4759202778108,51.4759687537571,51.4758771664503,51.475805670901,51.4758754007679,51.4759268176267,51.4759783800686,51.4760126010581,51.4760370583439,51.476094083773,51.4760997425358,51.475834918554,51.4757992655097,51.4757397628336,51.4756858947121,51.4756385111605,51.475625517722,51.4756081769338,51.4755878731353,51.4755774783216,51.4755554936892,51.4754420968052,51.4754110330591,51.4753969943923,51.4753799179768,51.4753539066932,51.4753190533318,51.4752540368401,51.4751945826924,51.4750814785875,51.474730874914,51.4745325487956,51.4744642298232,51.4742827096788,51.4742709328183,51.4740994922816,51.4740879073666,51.4739854160754,51.4739664258459,51.474086865074,51.4740859433551,51.4740608808172,51.4740396305789,51.4740159757421,51.4739523452287,51.4739476093838,51.4740259836831,51.4739336702666,51.4738754543728,51.4738175309068,51.4737435293246,51.4737059819094,51.4736622169875,51.4735891862992,51.4735209886262,51.4734825424353,51.4734451891724,51.4734107260726,51.4733475316261,51.47321414797,51.4731976571274,51.4731837163677,51.4731699940073,51.4731742672464,51.4731599615862,51.4731239676255,51.4730832622818,51.4730177359324,51.4729878143928,51.4729219726213,51.4728483106333,51.4727821534518,51.4727252010941,51.4726764334406,51.4726129239062,51.4724172459627,51.4723712223053,51.4722871167327,51.4721845772455,51.4720974595456,51.4720788798193,51.4720554182307,51.472041938561,51.4720275597383,51.4720470804206,51.4720111108249,51.4719854878073,51.47193815222,51.4714673980409,51.471229264717,51.471137871821,51.4711894789254,51.4711021909146,51.4710693331866,51.4710634318896,51.4708793611569,51.4707481850378,51.4706454249907,51.4705249186193,51.4706110414512,51.470586852718,51.4705500355877,51.4705000057589,51.4702509181003,51.4700623039624,51.4700595595005,51.4699488373457,51.4697124701874,51.4696052147567,51.4695259605622,51.4694783990321,51.4694615886538,51.4694333363112,51.4694104751749,51.4693420312184,51.4693402339938,51.4692985084868,51.4692476995163,51.4690560707115,51.4692275218192,51.4690488156892,51.468995795525,51.4688602205361,51.4685491879494,51.4684800876072,51.4683302266473,51.4682619272201,51.468150491798,51.4680363089776,51.4680397302334,51.468233932629,51.4683076831326,51.4684720102783,51.4687670566889,51.4689365317918,51.4693794247605,51.4696560185151,51.4697822205324,51.47005009239,51.4701183899372,51.4706715655967,51.4713992957959,51.4717689822952,51.4718867025509,51.4719171461976,51.4719179473406,51.4721312835193,51.4721520002928,51.4725221638653,51.4726754512087,51.4724924498407,51.4723937040686,51.472370204101,51.4723521404454,51.4723407245745,51.472388529621,51.4725525676514,51.4726077731793,51.4727345729836,51.4727396793531,51.4727546832965,51.4727565752291,51.4726291023214,51.4725789988118,51.4725547040651,51.4724009069535,51.4721181180677,51.4719529698045,51.4718368127487,51.471822187566,51.4718154378181,51.4718118807097,51.471834504541,51.4718482607881,51.4718787948176,51.4719374982933,51.4720234747342,51.4721521489131,51.4722605930177,51.4723487790822,51.4724463648098,51.4726814822513,51.4728721844056,51.4729551709283,51.4731727807558,51.4733408063935,51.4734332956729,51.4735321356391,51.4737423752731,51.4738447534653,51.4738532262227,51.473715246704,51.4734315180969,51.4733486450151,51.4733137248298,51.4730798789139,51.4728169370429,51.4725293457962,51.4722743100708,51.4719123003766,51.4715698864688,51.4712731028039,51.4706200377167,51.4701669879978,51.4700797580085,51.4700527259619,51.470000459056,51.4699513242049,51.4699188836316,51.469850333792,51.4696347686058,51.4694911573873,51.4694456184519,51.4693235086924,51.4691315236536,51.4689812295218,51.4691162841922,51.4691597551886,51.4691608517105,51.4691692527472,51.4692143149399,51.469254199426,51.4693655271978,51.4694564173732,51.4695717668402,51.4697016653756,51.4697444420986,51.4697933340848,51.4698294313139,51.4698296268551,51.4698302850281,51.4698790315707,51.4698971023188,51.4698524361052,51.4698069869445,51.468796650857,51.4684312219233,51.4682857821631,51.4681218177365,51.4679916942546,51.46789228668,51.4677382930022,51.4676246805918,51.4674911355442,51.4673576246169,51.4672646340137,51.4670724305142,51.4669569099401,51.466831924677,51.4668065232346,51.4667574432151,51.466723821331,51.4667136957012,51.4666534671283,51.4664785686338,51.4663413061105,51.4662694035586,51.46622859126,51.4662007047069,51.4661237492643,51.466096809921,51.46606725248,51.4659956046915,51.4658743177687,51.4658200320387,51.4655645452223,51.4653169511792,51.4651095364615,51.4648537206243,51.4647359055847,51.4646571604755,51.4645810865013,51.464449458371,51.4640872081961,51.4640366647657,51.4638419017324,51.4636383608983,51.4632715434283,51.4630128920263,51.4627737384579,51.4625053503099,51.4622899193621,51.4620647764564,51.4617252048107,51.4614008846564,51.4611497702282,51.4608766948244,51.4602953475797,51.4598395713902,51.4595538769964,51.4593408951137,51.4590340856703,51.4586727927243,51.458464596121,51.4580879277794,51.4578542246315,51.4575198145187,51.4571974415388,51.4571664696575,51.4570160538191,51.4569650165821,51.4568775417755,51.4567659674711,51.4566994464974,51.4566850442395,51.4566152598046,51.4566143118435,51.4565500477969,51.4564600302581,51.4563070410091,51.4561774786433,51.4560370923041,51.45596833305,51.4558657849046,51.4557267660853,51.4556870321966,51.4556395655434,51.4555550435905,51.4554699598673,51.4553381795585,51.4550460566671,51.4550391724003,51.4547934770639,51.4547515648695,51.4547043106037,51.4545944344101,51.4545737419582,51.4544303454373,51.4543644261618,51.4542868003872,51.4541877568387,51.4541121262829,51.4538182013657,51.4535961640176,51.45326705249,51.4531381644873,51.4530396306161,51.4530022187224,51.4515898748756,51.4515826613479,51.4516884731948,51.4517049041042,51.4513488011027,51.4511964990698,51.4511230686027,51.4507350933078,51.4507320689043,51.4502269015877,51.450621838483,51.4506043436924,51.4500318726188,51.4495276872893,51.4494123678026,51.4492805352427,51.4491304092039,51.4490134196566,51.4489586449244,51.4487186183882,51.4486654028772,51.4485316418972,51.4484387145837,51.4482571846699,51.4481258270635,51.4480331035658,51.4476525232925,51.447433356524,51.4472046276999,51.4471413827951,51.4467775242446,51.4466913481251,51.4457017284022,51.4452336159651,51.4449925941461,51.4446598340689,51.4444445053303,51.4444411341459,51.4442109171529,51.4434091088538,51.4427352097786,51.4427159979137,51.4425739280149,51.442367575287,51.442192872566,51.4420838051661,51.4419531595513,51.4419012876361,51.4418528108932,51.4417967268615,51.4417383519206,51.4416444602538,51.4416053031556,51.4415786329606,51.4415433414031,51.4415106476479,51.4415325640524,51.4415769132338,51.4415898224362,51.4416244798278,51.4416278253004,51.4417052259568,51.4416434223387,51.4414752989506,51.4413844167849,51.4412758066615,51.4411289329146,51.4409303665114,51.4406770828705,51.4404534774851,51.4401918877838,51.4397467695268,51.4393763586122,51.4392146618982,51.4390338432425,51.4387857074951,51.4387671801312,51.4383651386203,51.4384401443608,51.4382374673338,51.4381570161086,51.437925531003,51.43755801486,51.437211484833,51.4370956699369,51.43682238185,51.4367757381254,51.436100260874,51.4360859330548,51.4360106747369,51.4356895869682,51.4357342020427,51.4359916676318,51.4361920932332,51.4365593343684,51.4365557910987,51.4365551444114,51.4365081937355,51.4364941582412,51.4364291653602,51.4364145694865,51.4364113262479,51.4364013670795,51.4359142662663,51.4354862679219,51.4350527508943,51.4346662343973,51.4343601379936,51.4342209753584,51.4340420395439,51.4340306813198,51.4337671220315,51.4335165639711,51.433368559049,51.4333475904074,51.4332282608157,51.4331381569026,51.43309046102,51.4330172598006,51.4327107126913,51.4325905588634,51.4325793521865,51.4322011597969,51.432104090445,51.4322939240727,51.4323743752923,51.4324904212437,51.4325550963998,51.4323626385755,51.4321152032825,51.4318926328472,51.4322353591993,51.431699206935,51.4320937692609,51.4331535593277,51.4333353141009,51.4333464958547,51.432907986268,51.4327584469718,51.4324740445081,51.4324156113066,51.4323807413263,51.4322251617821,51.4320858056812,51.4317767902885,51.4315971726603,51.4314614586332,51.4313792395248,51.4311888115875,51.4311035945304,51.4309648359021,51.4306090426377,51.4305468151137,51.4304403818119,51.4302275389331,51.4300289234159,51.4294983525346,51.4294678768995,51.4294551716766,51.4292240818346,51.4290015292064,51.4287995719146,51.4280279069584,51.4279957841976,51.4279489603656,51.4277902178521,51.4277703489306,51.4276018130132,51.4276014880842,51.4275912638007,51.4271744689266,51.4266946183903,51.426520315769,51.426518567058,51.4265148445284,51.4262370541759,51.4260831455546,51.4260919530992,51.4260775256762,51.425688858813,51.4255788559502,51.4255049216477,51.425368011153,51.4251396947488,51.4247801594535,51.4246713552581,51.4246749061842,51.4246389923525,51.4235581926697,51.4223655560515,51.4231152584533,51.4233945937295,51.4236126002813,51.4238900121669,51.4240928663185,51.424238334862,51.4243924138981,51.424556699929,51.4247945436662,51.4248649542004,51.4249318199696,51.4253602032857,51.4255094358776,51.4256769827794,51.4258697861882,51.4259732151774,51.4260753989811,51.4264441789031,51.4267533963944,51.4271671110513,51.4280714669773,51.4282404062523,51.4287388875968,51.4289893431191,51.4289536931262,51.4288223770453,51.4285300552674,51.4284238233804,51.4283643724865,51.4282586856601,51.4282085132009,51.428087455374,51.4278765569974,51.4277647818377,51.4276074588229,51.4274960046762,51.4273009687212,51.4271807066544,51.4271096747037,51.4270355186167,51.4270051586246,51.4268437214291,51.4268255387435,51.4268178850125,51.4268189075422,51.4269110755197,51.4269664580368,51.4270466967533,51.427028474372,51.4270507660558,51.4270090300215,51.4269557282584,51.4269438928278,51.4269301532442,51.4269038327436,51.4268499103899,51.4267745696969,51.4266210590106,51.4262474226469,51.4262083208739,51.4261662000026,51.4261628129872,51.4261852306613,51.4261891865694,51.4261751396951,51.4256311428619,51.4252322407148,51.4250855349479,51.4246954385696,51.4241840735835,51.4241831996593,51.4240517735028,51.4237017064076,51.423609802551,51.4234904322841,51.4232697903428,51.4226783742913,51.4224836394991,51.4228440723178,51.4229358194141,51.4230430169017,51.422474225096,51.4217767844122,51.4213792188572,51.4214666412681,51.4214948175641,51.4213618850428,51.4212244840593,51.4211922704553,51.4209355883287,51.4210150314955,51.4207608101625,51.4206882807023,51.4206033558607,51.4204633699585,51.4202960438468,51.4201746942775,51.4200749604503,51.4199232172816,51.4198135117606,51.4197057263279,51.4193157135462,51.4191327476036,51.4190209608667,51.4189866529525,51.4186695333349,51.4185149517084,51.4184539676574,51.4182300097577,51.4174047351337,51.4175839788809,51.4185580917362,51.4182769657082,51.4181585582334,51.4180306090667,51.4179375797874,51.4177714491121,51.4176455810702,51.4175628931714,51.4175487851718,51.417534652645,51.4175204710668,51.4175053908763,51.4174893875489,51.4174867162402,51.417474233783,51.4174626254122,51.4174509925171,51.4174393596218,51.4174268035912,51.4174142230365,51.4174025410928,51.4173899850621,51.4173783031184,51.4173657470875,51.4173531665326,51.4170510212523,51.4165561562395,51.4165426525483,51.4164587874307,51.4163381370163,51.4162662986442,51.4161043387268,51.4160752644509,51.4159125252109,51.4159025103776,51.4156609420237,51.4156289592178,51.4155590360778,51.4153099343589,51.4150500834887,51.4145899960194,51.4146722836564,51.414691276874,51.4147051475113,51.4147616754103,51.4148193334928,51.4149130095284,51.4149824294691,51.4152968234127,51.4154819017732,51.4157880420729,51.416034269665,51.4159985023768,51.4159723263958,51.4159825471479,51.4159917341433,51.415490123219,51.4151901325022,51.4149345591956,51.4146600602521,51.4144991870367,51.4144830227051,51.4144577796887,51.4143932815656,51.4143481368769,51.4142745189461,51.4141757149249,51.4140924705194,51.4139954537611,51.4138726897358,51.4135512842761,51.4135499671814,51.4135776876246,51.4135980304174,51.4136574964084,51.4137879423098,51.4138095335232,51.4138313972419,51.4139202388096,51.4139233066873,51.4149271770143,51.4149343416168,51.414935578788,51.4149397992271,51.4150809798251,51.415100773796,51.4150937184042,51.4150379870792,51.4150107579959,51.4149942117447,51.4149915185815,51.4149914774568,51.4150166728021,51.4150559789016,51.4150792701339,51.4157433496269,51.4159775106965,51.4159998545138,51.4160240926657,51.4160502490005,51.4160352875458,51.4159910361062,51.4159786738578,51.4159515685171,51.4160194469251,51.4160536188529,51.4161588547715,51.416351178008,51.4163184870156,51.4164661485219,51.416609631844,51.4167456103837,51.4172910833127,51.4175414164586,51.4178535189465,51.4181077139722,51.4182849394209,51.4184128366675,51.4186004068961,51.4188280988464,51.4193563674009,51.4194181296608,51.4194833408002,51.4196074733848,51.4196912157813,51.4197410774901,51.4198363811799,51.4199148051292,51.4199403554372,51.4200958626574,51.4201265364973,51.4202511016086,51.4203940996804,51.4204483072553,51.4204754852005,51.4209200451849,51.4209279386128,51.4211708044978,51.4216713473302,51.4217599922039,51.4217747825045,51.4216936130334,51.4216591973581,51.4215809163652,51.4215629425907,51.4216970286467,51.4219479568878,51.4221713199457,51.4222260131455,51.4225144127364,51.4227271836385,51.4228603905061,51.4230302688714,51.4231548036063,51.4232783862438,51.4233786279009,51.4234703424302,51.4235576247378,51.4236262080484,51.4236644802388,51.4236756511356,51.423696440552,51.4237552143031,51.4237403008823,51.4236174472807,51.4236249025838,51.4237087806573,51.4240002368382,51.4240918108617,51.4241498968618,51.4242871031378,51.4244839495586,51.42449568006,51.4245849825678,51.4246283826356,51.4246889533275,51.4246952158283,51.424916166909,51.4253799677005,51.4254557531056,51.4255140052454,51.4256460755392,51.4256834171169,51.4256906738363,51.4257071776971,51.4256957224871,51.4256497558507,51.4255366502451,51.4252731408125,51.4247108340091,51.4246984385344,51.4246837970003,51.4246446795161,51.4246424897793,51.4246595628878,51.4246685491685,51.4247108329224,51.4247156815166,51.4247550296646,51.4247730022327,51.4251010498091,51.4250971352952,51.4250704391858,51.4250086514994,51.4250046452476,51.4250027635138,51.4250048129115,51.4249943213863,51.4249928888484,51.4247168725307,51.4243842334933,51.42413440471,51.4239582236002,51.4239893613677,51.4240697927141,51.4242043937121,51.4242422352167,51.4242512753709,51.4243019425885,51.4243067542249,51.4242461903036,51.4241817096011,51.4240773908649,51.4238613955116,51.4238288906586,51.4236544797949,51.4232370629408,51.4232250581543,51.4233827164919,51.4234037105183,51.4232837923694,51.4231995896605,51.4231628701089,51.4231555501378,51.4229060026376,51.4227528640742,51.4223666061741,51.4226288159702,51.4226228970998,51.4227631560611,51.4228008987327,51.4228127938819,51.4228114489685,51.4228159421469,51.4228598315987,51.4228458883105,51.4228311224843,51.4227912024136,51.4227662262076,51.4227456165386,51.4227109214297,51.422664970054,51.4226226822627,51.4225611938936,51.4225391975768,51.4225172706647,51.4226906361447,51.4229694528966,51.4235816975655,51.4235844266795,51.4236170784278,51.4237272740591,51.4237085219138,51.4234827167581,51.4229385301226,51.4230714054517,51.4230743636621,51.4230072994643,51.4229912670042,51.422985583444,51.4229666310181,51.4229668932235,51.4229666762285,51.4229710475783,51.4229719293879,51.4230125389578,51.4231164226397,51.4231730345994,51.4231819733817,51.4232721169401,51.4232909233397,51.42340380893,51.4236983742824,51.4238135302405,51.4239043450184,51.4239421466542,51.4244686294288,51.4245120544308,51.4245793575563,51.4246743617921,51.4247945325857,51.4248624682405,51.4249966793595,51.4250645428525,51.4251283599391,51.4251976723817,51.4251736466236,51.4252038373469,51.4252281090891,51.4252631252425,51.4253017669325,51.4253022419554,51.4253276564086,51.4250712647166,51.4250625665094,51.4250788166791,51.4251353020606,51.4252019204398,51.4252217380914,51.4252454209891,51.4252484254343,51.4252609002213,51.4252847752488,51.4253284939258,51.4250704513742,51.4253433642397,51.4253977404679,51.4256134371254,51.4258122922423,51.4258282327165,51.4259061761694,51.4259265369744,51.4259706285906,51.4259955190934,51.4259968678042,51.4259121373686,51.425835706443,51.425616934026,51.4257413577069,51.4258941593163,51.4260913051844,51.4261036976342,51.4261122351409,51.4261169887163,51.4261302561166,51.4261435471686,51.42615681454,51.426170105562,51.4261816229381,51.4261922179863,51.4262019616982,51.4262029549991,51.4262148982501,51.4262241455166,51.4262325177544,51.4262390926532,51.4262423564269,51.4262480326134,51.4262528101083,51.4262557902637,51.4262636187036,51.42628587279,51.4263019542553,51.4263031598082,51.4262932267745,51.4262657681786,51.4262353534348,51.4262091942398,51.4262008189755,51.4261692927519,51.426163758187,51.4261573485778,51.4261533277976,51.4262089968115,51.4265237357112,51.4270680768875,51.4274493134904,51.4276282592912,51.4281071845614,51.4283722111994,51.4285561481659,51.4287955180309,51.4291796678253,51.4295326968186,51.4296551978742,51.4297490601947,51.4313516588395,51.4320870439981,51.432186156031,51.432235605634,51.432291866135,51.4323452415,51.4323826066394,51.4324119075396,51.4324586139495,51.4324815059519,51.4324836808855,51.4324710985307,51.4324512085051,51.4324475651971,51.4324578734375,51.4324969607602,51.4325313427822,51.4325702650183,51.4326569302694,51.432682374212,51.4328457740831,51.4329998331386,51.4334444695799,51.4336917392083,51.433922742819,51.4343091097597,51.4343919691962,51.434457377584,51.4345309448959,51.4346313291308,51.434704306152,51.4350790078811,51.43541128319,51.4359193297079,51.4362887027329,51.4366785609103,51.4367928274665,51.4368831630318,51.4369873307908,51.4370414119577,51.4370917560696,51.4371743051404,51.4372169376025,51.4372823846983,51.4374955691047,51.4375407781874,51.4376271190908,51.4377670302802,51.4379296964659,51.4379891493611,51.4382090118449,51.438990786865,51.4395401460636,51.4408491580606,51.4409032578997,51.441008638123,51.4411574808426,51.4415337264664,51.4418474493104,51.4419094281013,51.4419724004949,51.4420978265509,51.4425259681956,51.4428681288813,51.443355307235,51.4441534512234,51.4445377370796,51.4448090038613,51.4452623579589,51.4455580499574,51.4458528194034,51.4461837913699,51.4464487583206,51.4469576468356,51.4471931194788,51.4473520504179,51.447535881599,51.4477960871165,51.4481385709897,51.4484276343352,51.4489988240971,51.4493078645304,51.4495076034629,51.4495631219982,51.4499403236396,51.4503387565189,51.4499396963705,51.4494932702543,51.4491941099586,51.4489938382406,51.4488134325207,51.4487537558774,51.4487294841004,51.4487179364498,51.4487096403463,51.4487180599982,51.4487304649353,51.4487636251127,51.4488371071651,51.4495078806633,51.4498488412895,51.4500318164937,51.4501125912572,51.4501307980241,51.4500921996286,51.4500518019963,51.4499608641919,51.4499195268178,51.449873048118,51.4501912934271,51.450643384825,51.4509602501209,51.4510549660539,51.4512291196535,51.4512927048738,51.4513247659453,51.4517071444634,51.4524143883425,51.4526570605062,51.4531185829332,51.4531916769694,51.4538894256404,51.4549903095195,51.4550373216904,51.455099860239,51.4551642199099,51.4554924364144,51.4559313864576,51.4565769678035,51.4566612660637,51.4569630521805,51.4571221691886,51.4571744326806,51.4576806468074,51.4576806228286,51.4578103965685,51.4578981025653,51.4581580929665,51.4589807547788,51.4590953235874,51.4594072549623,51.4598315148916,51.4602811522376,51.460595744263,51.4609301300892,51.4613244010996,51.4618190915089,51.4622047839536,51.4626067844501,51.4629422623422,51.4635230798466,51.4639746620975,51.4642399274252,51.464406091108,51.4646085476562,51.4647312533201,51.464908319919,51.4650265077319,51.4651760392043,51.4652254512749,51.4656266770296,51.4658980902507,51.4660723961656,51.4662296744965,51.4663389299528,51.4663973846391,51.4664098566615,51.4664713178647,51.4665575653204,51.4666011484,51.466637849624,51.4666709212205,51.4667640128195,51.46679360936,51.4671226148999,51.467365330213,51.4673708415688,51.4674637665334,51.4675801648506,51.4677304241833,51.468344041298,51.4685710145286,51.4689546317002,51.4692140261987,51.4693377549483,51.4696139962116,51.4697014304485,51.4697571933805,51.4700801325446,51.4706091787045,51.4712104019167,51.4729331928316,51.4738397535641,51.4763016858139,51.4780085909345,51.4786057730448,51.4792055509978,51.4792074438014,51.4792247178705,51.4792576805839,51.4797861016055,51.4798110721445,51.4798004944242,51.4797918572896,51.4799655612014,51.4800772449096,51.4801616444713,51.4802371147626,51.4802451877677,51.4802730691949,51.4803423115018,51.4803171698898,51.4803081742886,51.4803567003132,51.4803617191115,51.4803816747637,51.4804789179515,51.480489295357,51.4805152507934,51.4807704192058,51.4808381416214,51.4809227468311,51.4809779839784,51.4810314238564,51.4810307163935,51.4810304484293,51.4810554666987,51.4814471549195,51.4817473116951,51.4819652485481,51.4824015762662,51.4826402532396,51.482644368754,51.4827443078265,51.4827458517673,51.4827484472654,51.4828023411362,51.4829191390695,51.4833845430569,51.4834078739794,51.4834573463942,51.4834661223153,51.4835664676917,51.4835674237079,51.4835680546458,51.483580683255,51.4843742492844,51.484388703944,51.4843959790376,51.484608796415,51.4846142120895,51.4848315942938,51.4851634608619,51.4851691488878,51.4852181528069,51.4852127465731,51.4852309197358,51.4852929677955,51.4855163243805,51.4857952339814,51.4858485125473,51.4859660990531,51.4859832974115,51.4860045108271,51.4861024852866,51.4862750459475,51.4863430549412,51.486386681445,51.4864490118393,51.4864703877203,51.4866013820453,51.4866790704455,51.4867344604243,51.4868406755124,51.4868673571408,51.4869629654288,51.4869688590547,51.4869843841802,51.4870259695083,51.4870777264581,51.4872180268759,51.4872817910724,51.4875174269574,51.4879352159699,51.4876338922406,51.4875522598373,51.4875620013241,51.487711058484,51.4877743492355,51.4878135623609,51.4878225386707,51.4878074067048,51.4877982665792,51.4878256382927,51.4879269046697,51.4879335672805,51.4878708574039,51.4879335137983,51.4880167163851,51.4880990920858,51.488116764329,51.488334967566,51.4883611583471,51.489135486035,51.4894384471075,51.4895501255911,51.4896174115649,51.489747148073,51.48986430531,51.4899452646818,51.4900211975269,51.4900420587978,51.4899856255527,51.4903696929976,51.4904459924315,51.4907445084389,51.4904720092832,51.4903416367326,51.4903663975252,51.4902194625298,51.4901621166045,51.4902351869014,51.4903318340361,51.4903771252066,51.4904418765615,51.4903623896179,51.490142090245,51.4901264055646,51.4901066222792,51.4900215361151,51.4900277250979,51.4900354230128,51.4902406702072,51.4910624200348,51.491827899945,51.4921630484587,51.4927944776531,51.4927997009999,51.492829918978,51.4929454670345,51.4929521266395,51.4929587862356,51.4929645472019,51.4929702840962,51.4929742237391,51.4929781874366,51.4929821029963,51.492984245369,51.492984879274,51.4929861230119,51.4929873426744,51.4929867891516,51.4929853369987,51.4929838607692,51.4929815099766,51.4929782605539,51.4929750111221,51.4929708389915,51.4929657922995,51.4929607455984,51.4929548002674,51.4929488789979,51.4929420350285,51.4929352151213,51.4929322304034,51.4929225461184,51.4929119872709,51.4929005057167,51.4928881736745,51.4928749189256,51.4928616882377,51.492847582992,51.4928325550393,51.4928166525296,51.4928007740849,51.4927839729327,51.4927672199233,51.4927625582822,51.4927420903914,51.4927207479444,51.4926976323226,51.492675415309,51.492651401043,51.4926265363047,51.4926016715564,51.4925768308786,51.4925566518598,51.4924677834784,51.4924020788551,51.4923862483735,51.4923712924183,51.4923563364534,51.4923422790989,51.4923281976485,51.4923158893409,51.4923045278161,51.4922922194864,51.4922817083852,51.492271173184,51.4922615365902,51.4922536972237,51.4922467323746,51.4922457855749,51.4922416852032,51.4922384834437,51.4922361802963,51.4922338771411,51.4922315739782,51.4922302657957,51.4922232116825,51.4922194797959,51.4926334420164,51.4929961782968,51.4930002850896,51.492868947385,51.4929307417494,51.4930074251821,51.4930268274957,51.4930554772886]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.024847351506038,-0.0247916458401446,-0.0246827707809883,-0.0240429658213817,-0.024072526787998,-0.0232078084121742,-0.0226596692843988,-0.022768155257719,-0.0226138015249508,-0.0224485218229255,-0.0211830530716015,-0.0208145270655907,-0.0207194201309767,-0.0205332909246194,-0.020154965605345,-0.0192930225178236,-0.0188186248390441,-0.0187933066106674,-0.0187017566133388,-0.0185966435709677,-0.018528547720457,-0.0184905504241619,-0.0184138529431582,-0.0181898611772911,-0.0179572269469665,-0.0165217248960851,-0.0165096971228778,-0.0164947736271763,-0.0170921768430825,-0.0171165672380599,-0.0176446281667056,-0.0178753075987566,-0.0181613892413801,-0.0184009114557492,-0.0185837634113886,-0.0187277581116582,-0.01893472633835,-0.020014681004047,-0.0204180309005636,-0.020367433745228,-0.0225235072038224,-0.0230709522800102,-0.0231207626681146,-0.0231612732011441,-0.0247198681711953,-0.026408704876031,-0.0263683764539135,-0.026065125192995,-0.0259521413551235,-0.0258829925134019,-0.0258191377097027,-0.0257391631772635,-0.0255780902991585,-0.0252959876837259,-0.0252896596555573,-0.0252222333300948,-0.0252072082312125,-0.0252012985450697,-0.0250298114384544,-0.024847351506038],"lat":[51.4855462016976,51.4855353713823,51.4856216655711,51.4853617882287,51.4853110280903,51.4849565296729,51.4847422541513,51.4845984020772,51.4845373466997,51.4846622554271,51.4841831781414,51.4840456649623,51.4840134844297,51.4839545876999,51.4838438850535,51.4836260930636,51.4835056696948,51.4834252069499,51.4831448865765,51.4826790874567,51.482455817205,51.4823688452231,51.48224434915,51.4819959621599,51.4818805205001,51.4816386224958,51.4813515520084,51.4812307974152,51.4804405519957,51.4804094900369,51.4807196745003,51.4808800472752,51.480858804319,51.4808484643004,51.4808164829399,51.4807838447023,51.4807270907599,51.4803658410003,51.4802305670413,51.479935651693,51.4796995561231,51.4796287528176,51.4802419948829,51.4807372758365,51.4811969907373,51.4815095984274,51.4815763647436,51.4818284506856,51.4819434534524,51.4820439065834,51.4821885129631,51.4825729525534,51.4834344372386,51.4841967624392,51.4843432365857,51.4846370609899,51.4849848247126,51.4850215951754,51.4852902858554,51.4855462016976]}],[{"lng":[0.120210839063794,0.120535195752488,0.120579093805514,0.120599945183753,0.120625283019367,0.120679107375322,0.120694740039723,0.120705885978062,0.120697419493382,0.120746048690354,0.120779857207868,0.120847533715224,0.120823296120283,0.120857234593212,0.120929123054872,0.120945194503935,0.120914818726493,0.120919474313938,0.120926758910676,0.120981909154171,0.120999130679548,0.121023340391345,0.121045113760174,0.12108230054855,0.121085242963796,0.121164256379776,0.121196499462521,0.121187803671872,0.121232952496853,0.121241432091199,0.121278565254984,0.12129277509481,0.121334583851675,0.121429186129841,0.121520028661593,0.121527037680806,0.121532565695302,0.121496524050179,0.121454828637739,0.121444399973609,0.121448405452442,0.121467241426457,0.121514695382324,0.121945582994531,0.121964834567165,0.122022630444328,0.122073667446026,0.12206976096573,0.12207749460213,0.12205957522068,0.122097970168065,0.122134967930548,0.122232488068202,0.122506693240974,0.122638160818283,0.122986301222783,0.123302729721168,0.123458480047215,0.123707187432002,0.123908467913461,0.123973670446323,0.12404031139641,0.124160769862762,0.124053707178173,0.123886009703948,0.123814359269416,0.123676833143492,0.123439689607854,0.12293595012094,0.122610484919471,0.122223101775392,0.121856736880489,0.121765166070597,0.121384262726455,0.121010885272865,0.120730975642973,0.120590186686774,0.120232448803471,0.11987287676805,0.119703496675641,0.119373638927753,0.119146094167634,0.119090307972711,0.118848974943788,0.118454273244254,0.118165186710294,0.117090883419509,0.116818478705091,0.116453328936563,0.116109785231371,0.115664127702929,0.115489649700412,0.115339899502769,0.115079375782391,0.115049226619912,0.115025456483708,0.114632493404747,0.114345791111294,0.114024750754055,0.113801966194355,0.113750096055003,0.113512786919962,0.113224401431189,0.113067425975093,0.113005762355125,0.112842564433307,0.112560111886405,0.112527461917921,0.112238095969965,0.111975654320504,0.111772424923444,0.111665912159774,0.111234172630615,0.110885091207108,0.110816705006406,0.110688523601023,0.11056766020268,0.110371020418035,0.110033270544098,0.109753696109368,0.109380966449677,0.108973699996071,0.108722093602039,0.108477258034187,0.108297862349483,0.108230393045804,0.108225549051734,0.108165850283729,0.107666553914176,0.107663032953234,0.107548552598592,0.10739987092263,0.107336259703693,0.107272845012518,0.1071999583997,0.107160300908914,0.107058565266513,0.106897846973372,0.106378553545527,0.106162519683881,0.10563615601751,0.105191067036444,0.104891409477876,0.104814197830778,0.104688815090061,0.104484162749051,0.10412706713215,0.10385655360053,0.10371182518871,0.103377062936818,0.10329113774285,0.103272184766301,0.103141125997779,0.103087689870177,0.103076220444298,0.1026729002185,0.102550653887326,0.102549132391361,0.1024704159408,0.102001822330211,0.101821636665709,0.101744641391862,0.101697572633691,0.101440307233787,0.101428533773549,0.100946342883228,0.100199332303008,0.0997822367546652,0.099242469436262,0.0987129685711638,0.0982239570174837,0.0981672091877798,0.0980973425456926,0.098021152172999,0.0974816839052389,0.0973339990820972,0.0970854472954147,0.0969098198856806,0.0968037755677581,0.0965604666093416,0.0965489941268588,0.0956643742229166,0.0953544561593771,0.0950079499066577,0.0946471357543765,0.0944717243410657,0.0942104748477014,0.0939977749834047,0.0938462461407493,0.0935898892427722,0.0931710698660699,0.0928398117823828,0.0926912852264601,0.0924812614518774,0.0921386645217177,0.0919725461500374,0.0919361243100631,0.0918609375952971,0.0917445196660517,0.0915419809844576,0.0913983917887201,0.0912641750390205,0.0912982540239249,0.0912790983467388,0.0912205611649724,0.0911962263062111,0.091096664622446,0.0911080109629338,0.0911842666482538,0.0908757177636389,0.0905330943069207,0.0901032059856519,0.0898314151166517,0.0895437165566707,0.0890478655408266,0.0888968424578078,0.0885912217003188,0.0881021893908745,0.0875969644113865,0.0872684102357271,0.0870021317657274,0.0866091764520037,0.08634446953497,0.0860187237199257,0.0857631438080938,0.0854451591405431,0.0851768680424518,0.0851067148034219,0.0847966981088761,0.0845319665945813,0.0843338114818869,0.0839780964666111,0.0835428786416328,0.0832182508012237,0.0822955375219704,0.0822739241544246,0.0822228499088156,0.0821900754578289,0.0822043726760751,0.0822007522179082,0.0821453913144333,0.0821757242330732,0.0821888962667415,0.0824692336961939,0.0825850646018766,0.0826299224936314,0.0826024584766348,0.0825308792278428,0.0824117214597305,0.0823752886473861,0.0823077138211729,0.0822792921487593,0.0822664553158975,0.0822636739125369,0.0822270929245033,0.0822273998880543,0.0822309178242501,0.0822444978979556,0.0822741529328277,0.0823115726026842,0.0824098352623675,0.082479615198324,0.0826558976630203,0.0828782412648532,0.0808251426486015,0.0793887804806208,0.0786371531958185,0.0786676136392659,0.0788266989114075,0.0795014310656099,0.0796115490396952,0.0797525729079855,0.0804211830281581,0.0807800746515855,0.0808673719723593,0.0814197889834283,0.0822058707798601,0.0829959660003919,0.083902270014298,0.0849861360717545,0.0856839400070224,0.0856796389135989,0.0858232309955034,0.0860043476398793,0.0860215058617121,0.0860309679364725,0.0860590541290491,0.0860582112445571,0.0860853592752113,0.0861877505220042,0.0862447234661801,0.0862668917510244,0.0862985623155444,0.0863889584429473,0.0864355223349095,0.0865082719495039,0.0865760091864723,0.0866076851944702,0.0866444168729487,0.0866539592621283,0.0867168596616267,0.0868095895673415,0.0868306190025744,0.0867962589303169,0.0870373838859193,0.0874090366883168,0.0878329421757145,0.0878880236722299,0.0879084279740903,0.0880392726232429,0.088040546714613,0.0880056126334396,0.0879096594158045,0.0877667835342681,0.0875320872070688,0.087352933293845,0.0873550042383662,0.0873548922729248,0.0872811578988201,0.0870676598383883,0.0868974572972798,0.0868115613755424,0.086694559516119,0.0865555339325819,0.086356201202258,0.0862942512879285,0.0863886252204654,0.0865045214115341,0.0866714803489353,0.086804542126169,0.0869242436646005,0.0872191357782013,0.087380133692019,0.0869132753187189,0.0864504887291821,0.0863205476011149,0.0857482301574413,0.0855390483917731,0.0852832464554709,0.0853047376648654,0.0849924919458805,0.0849910131572698,0.0847120086589583,0.084348307451276,0.0836665616835476,0.0832160789251565,0.0830323832649065,0.0828101997090192,0.0829437791268959,0.0829729113777051,0.0830978628480523,0.0829319621712314,0.0828258257808113,0.0829136308654015,0.0832242354585676,0.0844155512812635,0.0841698043660733,0.0832386087834724,0.0829416497219145,0.0827900130014803,0.0825738470214144,0.0818331106091743,0.0817854264133966,0.0816422054709127,0.0813266387704681,0.0808515815794826,0.0804157885196483,0.0804037962685718,0.0804867875569493,0.0802927716160908,0.0800462712451706,0.0800327597669304,0.0801329221946656,0.0801962333762383,0.0801042019859237,0.0799593182824917,0.079943879273427,0.0799376383547231,0.0800293368997341,0.0798115959481747,0.079778536754127,0.0797637918977286,0.0797032114981989,0.0796064426712332,0.0794884751995719,0.0795819242840666,0.0794596216744193,0.0792531335654562,0.0791466787322157,0.0790632781471802,0.0788152215451588,0.0787900050710632,0.0788503174030971,0.0790025811371868,0.0790361478121963,0.0789041805413015,0.0788327922432062,0.0786856027904111,0.0785011980499265,0.0784350841663255,0.0784185353276363,0.0783143992153797,0.0781391543046627,0.0779667761121048,0.0778199407101262,0.0773044975356273,0.0770769153898261,0.0769296796339318,0.0765445810653898,0.0765119331769315,0.075900744159111,0.0750018516421018,0.0749603349479641,0.0754508699436126,0.0756484566833744,0.0760061839382498,0.0764068324366088,0.0764181704089322,0.0765031236388848,0.0758895348515517,0.0762901427230383,0.0763882595470839,0.0759123064369605,0.0756958895849379,0.0756547004172297,0.0760800968019528,0.0758926550256685,0.0756297341906888,0.0754240203454049,0.0750471670340944,0.0749040200392058,0.0748327254594257,0.0747846884461995,0.0746871771616261,0.0746526482065255,0.0753075213554673,0.0753431338495797,0.0751821558650335,0.0748359460905595,0.0743047504068093,0.0740221845694381,0.0733277810155808,0.0730351116448012,0.0734713832642181,0.0722376666424686,0.0719427912518565,0.0716365529546059,0.0712307679327272,0.0702889785436929,0.0701251182140692,0.0699287822978387,0.0685415716593301,0.0669350407273906,0.0664041413537243,0.066579480074338,0.0647145161126396,0.0647789311274714,0.0641941559705603,0.0641969496462451,0.0644371825261669,0.0640039802747278,0.0635291014573582,0.0634801121260759,0.0633882673132626,0.0633421323621068,0.0632640126210142,0.0632022699374979,0.0629405419563423,0.0617082310144487,0.0613374748323811,0.0608999054124307,0.0606444069346704,0.0598363222363081,0.0592540812369125,0.0591524590958592,0.0590057551210682,0.0588317186657736,0.0587310257332847,0.0585965548964487,0.058199719801251,0.0577807544865022,0.0564149309746388,0.0563912623049412,0.0559851594726642,0.0548269843510867,0.0547112545856122,0.0544181312342409,0.0538917633503696,0.0534588313313244,0.0529269829354949,0.0524539675395893,0.0521560841811646,0.0513348610165525,0.0510490442071122,0.0501481814645186,0.0495358646186352,0.0492520801474668,0.0483685823005986,0.0477848748031366,0.0471041325108254,0.0466235971883387,0.0464148257698418,0.0461981896588705,0.0458021706495047,0.0451470361697294,0.0451481160897827,0.0451828652878151,0.044884540687737,0.0443189591987707,0.043586609610488,0.0433115785415414,0.0432252977444449,0.0429434941899969,0.0429124706831435,0.0427122714024609,0.0424980635797078,0.0424671995258729,0.0423133539798637,0.0421846657502397,0.0419535265397539,0.0414012523185587,0.0409463778543616,0.0401170124546915,0.0400769570211335,0.0400985722071283,0.039999408728265,0.0398142181241039,0.0397484776095014,0.0396168798327706,0.0393236886894924,0.0390495885525956,0.0388153439935907,0.0384900733517185,0.0382981628530076,0.0378955349825584,0.037596346490621,0.0369923662600654,0.0369531069000105,0.0368209034508451,0.03677633061329,0.036701680704496,0.0365674818957783,0.0361735465584558,0.0360472929182493,0.0359798328042676,0.0359352581190275,0.0358964350044569,0.0357313177780886,0.0355435529418513,0.0354889534366672,0.0354791279034125,0.0352574536801978,0.0352405184899852,0.0351319174707539,0.0348373474086266,0.0346153903827926,0.034606083878026,0.0345707750609024,0.0343092738514787,0.0342965722150506,0.0341297332176121,0.0340317142705889,0.0339896547333814,0.0339714808265923,0.0339395660153284,0.0338351541883252,0.0336388758874423,0.0335972550041887,0.0335847926796625,0.0334704758564555,0.0333771698692601,0.0331804901884312,0.0330875842295694,0.033068731423883,0.0329711900764951,0.0327037296695771,0.0325265024070205,0.0322852041892154,0.0320945941304276,0.031658453609671,0.0313339863845358,0.0312858536562604,0.0310010565442365,0.0307591983168119,0.0305857181283915,0.0305006792665139,0.0303248497376424,0.0299782881286276,0.0295728833296259,0.0295739373456685,0.0295742597023608,0.029576400316634,0.0293589657507601,0.028895061308463,0.0288805232483595,0.0286487508233659,0.0285632791030445,0.028215959700091,0.0277674675187697,0.0272811029660926,0.0268524118362081,0.0266622086872959,0.0262178588721715,0.0254161851266832,0.0250043407731246,0.0246729772255999,0.024417542749757,0.0241737697743997,0.0236384857392285,0.0232590955257821,0.0227761179473422,0.0220743668893495,0.0215539644313345,0.0214828622706499,0.0210981811751772,0.0205968158023713,0.0214833694398462,0.0214964699149955,0.0214210744168901,0.0212630800944214,0.021262210849074,0.0212339533340949,0.0212100167753961,0.021531872166133,0.0227510733548376,0.0229423975260055,0.0228201046199282,0.0226786787587816,0.022459473230041,0.022401685921474,0.0222937948679642,0.0221967552271722,0.0221792733506473,0.0221405684636983,0.0221314061664062,0.0219275696907627,0.021567308843955,0.0204671609052182,0.0191655399861637,0.0179854379865448,0.0172939381145907,0.0150637514206382,0.0148759486003468,0.0150091306894085,0.0151227125932826,0.0198383933188618,0.019871629866504,0.0197448270234822,0.0197106467340929,0.0196396474093886,0.019535902459459,0.0192890581675099,0.0183315791351841,0.0183304580039625,0.0180415555413656,0.0180101007548854,0.0179280859014609,0.0178589239959756,0.0177035936917018,0.0176039931965189,0.0175075614134564,0.0175022598802879,0.0174951119061184,0.0174783832958304,0.0174625778566609,0.0174386733695442,0.0174381463376,0.0174285970333727,0.0174522713658778,0.0174728314236796,0.0175138921013844,0.0174796500853742,0.0160243348493662,0.0153161931266923,0.014813266948828,0.0143952397915083,0.0141972504425816,0.0140305875374421,0.0135285903706087,0.0131602917250542,0.0129790702089518,0.012606675681277,0.0122885014773183,0.0119152174376506,0.011700380189353,0.0115189566021966,0.0115161193853953,0.0114846406671676,0.0114838344007282,0.0114853194920965,0.0114815880608892,0.0114149004109835,0.0113753998430628,0.0112567791107986,0.0112336697259957,0.0109988119795505,0.0107961487130392,0.0106451970276788,0.0104429462798172,0.0103110232406768,0.0101138498282211,0.00994738894905061,0.00990348335547574,0.00986709054311743,0.00982377400747538,0.00974710482514453,0.00976486022685449,0.00980468460074726,0.00982325250557565,0.00984393045688609,0.0098250300605555,0.00979562537510848,0.00971959940163961,0.00961781417817812,0.00953272071120016,0.00938039473471476,0.00931015407815597,0.00927983828590255,0.00926910140043509,0.00912088924310533,0.00904892733817172,0.00901771597559405,0.00898806153698301,0.00898747742940513,0.00906781982062198,0.00913883845117989,0.00917418983221989,0.00911630549765582,0.00909709402704866,0.0099432309868878,0.0104848439120941,0.0107539357900061,0.0109134922020406,0.0113027283068729,0.0114594475766966,0.0115965790312327,0.0118085056463625,0.0120895370566521,0.0124830878948223,0.0127463355413571,0.0128374863686502,0.0129743041086662,0.0131535557293509,0.0132453792587668,0.0131414582300586,0.0130126438603261,0.0127648222656352,0.0126911662765738,0.0126668061869458,0.0126928402503471,0.012779908556884,0.0129767397394718,0.0130531053976542,0.0130689116435409,0.0130516520300416,0.0130134194464148,0.0128898408072729,0.0126017028123875,0.0129924662823368,0.0134811069376531,0.0134860707662861,0.0134968832890945,0.0135875657065924,0.0137560211204445,0.0140251257173851,0.0143584600792347,0.0145451974714295,0.014987270318406,0.0152629590410805,0.0155282055888779,0.0158314260769608,0.0158498258283891,0.0159601472744213,0.0160303292409623,0.0160417996451626,0.0161118753629056,0.0163305361017028,0.0165329810554891,0.0166119991033946,0.016623143122152,0.0166942642069184,0.0166055666355097,0.0164638866129073,0.0163474003049262,0.0162912359465811,0.0162055702898254,0.01619923543711,0.0161961076235313,0.0161437983572912,0.0158930733111621,0.0155158082572472,0.0153575389168242,0.0152127979152547,0.0150789979367915,0.0149952001724695,0.0149531548802695,0.0149849011726023,0.0160291070992007,0.0161948038577966,0.01655269249871,0.017780554148426,0.0181236009675934,0.0180411475307085,0.0170401577459715,0.0152510675279308,0.0143568054169076,0.0135636251193125,0.0120888979491085,0.0101483341472055,0.00921879267861346,0.00748967029111151,0.00541158796612332,0.00454478351805742,0.00375903128692758,0.00284280072286571,0.00163626299511446,0.000877977602548187,0.000365675363044042,-5.72091177417772e-06,-0.000359103918585913,-0.000983579930577973,-0.00119221328402646,-0.00132439119257437,-0.00149654280764248,-0.00234966293810762,-0.00359806928841247,-0.00563043913890807,-0.0066892909669118,-0.00695462194576492,-0.0073628232088518,-0.00814348183745376,-0.00861442832259595,-0.00889587213305768,-0.00907176844761832,-0.0100780519983922,-0.0103223650771764,-0.0116787257134317,-0.0125188480036505,-0.012874016458621,-0.0131439398851695,-0.0133632294773132,-0.0136714068702524,-0.0140695227898728,-0.0142576128314974,-0.014542954381867,-0.014540974018883,-0.0145286379194005,-0.0145344323988692,-0.0147546224738431,-0.0151845092298001,-0.0148607368880848,-0.0144229251895495,-0.014097055531342,-0.0140467463725236,-0.0138409606620017,-0.0137168549262372,-0.0134740157615136,-0.0131289768663874,-0.0134761382658151,-0.0141080746418663,-0.0144938801605986,-0.0146525811787033,-0.0150267210983691,-0.0150902208456616,-0.0153012359785024,-0.0154562188398468,-0.0155598011082638,-0.0158067059916341,-0.015904495248643,-0.0162696759909685,-0.0164164173964353,-0.0164673915729687,-0.0165589895723336,-0.0169494210089813,-0.017113892372567,-0.0171404862053621,-0.0171617145596378,-0.0171616366371062,-0.0172738566324334,-0.0175090000533323,-0.017743910022097,-0.0178871660052325,-0.0182004312568594,-0.0184734480150634,-0.0187006171517397,-0.019118015368569,-0.0190181883492471,-0.0190209491944155,-0.0191668449662018,-0.0192726858662177,-0.0191999648277918,-0.0190903790467814,-0.0190317359990129,-0.0189375549054781,-0.0186717157493988,-0.0187925336277823,-0.0189452384962977,-0.0189819011907323,-0.0189586072085558,-0.0188275930478736,-0.0188842872196801,-0.019023313293334,-0.0191100679879703,-0.0191530292098378,-0.0192852692193026,-0.0193192170123857,-0.0193454657639608,-0.019398625013485,-0.0198933651826222,-0.0199992971242298,-0.0200519907631574,-0.0201100119564867,-0.0201452057193089,-0.020245108883995,-0.0202997068215299,-0.0203277442374314,-0.020337271259174,-0.0201560064956726,-0.020082699356708,-0.0200417091936856,-0.020006124340428,-0.0199831003849585,-0.0199784707969347,-0.0199900193362078,-0.0200045632354483,-0.0200506845156283,-0.020118040093999,-0.020225918708385,-0.0203275366459883,-0.0205537956897385,-0.0206208798986052,-0.0206476357333677,-0.0206656414203448,-0.0207361859703979,-0.0207507302193234,-0.0207679581034865,-0.0207965806887384,-0.0208366757982465,-0.0209345222387163,-0.0210523194822924,-0.0211411440543859,-0.0212345577965661,-0.0214631925262071,-0.0216450041337629,-0.0215776859923285,-0.0217724102481319,-0.0218708400819512,-0.0218850350674613,-0.0220320411399307,-0.0221015773494973,-0.0221884975178143,-0.0223414924383319,-0.0224494518637997,-0.0225065002190811,-0.0226727174694333,-0.0226178856803715,-0.022611624725727,-0.0226459705909801,-0.0228110609181191,-0.0228032117317224,-0.0228016975064203,-0.0228305617640013,-0.022930602743089,-0.0229185120009982,-0.022924581348052,-0.0228872093137256,-0.0227676197216116,-0.0227749688787221,-0.0227504661934768,-0.0227130527452383,-0.0223809207760709,-0.0222394725685756,-0.0220131242977169,-0.0212891261838906,-0.0211540565637645,-0.0211495840714138,-0.0210329879614025,-0.0207563138045827,-0.0204736087976666,-0.0203914296575945,-0.020300926950449,-0.0205236987927726,-0.0206385807642866,-0.0206468627667054,-0.0206400170486285,-0.020524155769192,-0.0203898591822725,-0.019974287964492,-0.0199140036414155,-0.0198688100492998,-0.019768777725656,-0.0196867142657757,-0.0196321090897143,-0.0195938781504182,-0.0195926337441375,-0.0197110263367993,-0.0195547980177443,-0.0190903297528063,-0.0190326891235052,-0.0190011067237284,-0.0189696005338532,-0.018841983529141,-0.0189751295225382,-0.0189954158531304,-0.0189807104337895,-0.0186625908044815,-0.0183724941840758,-0.018267441787958,-0.0178685130162894,-0.0178388735902666,-0.0177827456368611,-0.0176624782507458,-0.017118126739224,-0.0170138833063454,-0.0168866494810568,-0.0159187975734735,-0.0158210317347485,-0.015773223217205,-0.0157453289231841,-0.0156815908601201,-0.0151098142508487,-0.0150255480913524,-0.0150310316524252,-0.0150986684073265,-0.0157135833326791,-0.0160205459378535,-0.0170178387926761,-0.0172876213184715,-0.0178644868055685,-0.017928858783496,-0.0179592354551085,-0.017988560150948,-0.0180291551306703,-0.0180496403316822,-0.0180404960833716,-0.0179853332348957,-0.0179570138857309,-0.0178848164009126,-0.0178438946471457,-0.0177756275934913,-0.0170153662156267,-0.0163328621949515,-0.0163328695188172,-0.0163290027918581,-0.0158034985404782,-0.0156531265099654,-0.0154725618822801,-0.0154579832823194,-0.0153121939435793,-0.0152761437022928,-0.0152660212927291,-0.0146033611408868,-0.0145807531306443,-0.013930733766661,-0.0139482265761575,-0.0135715824750778,-0.013290975255892,-0.0124355369920895,-0.0122826289909726,-0.0121887676775849,-0.0121675502294831,-0.0119125289920188,-0.0116647816296451,-0.0116165590124303,-0.0111748229654621,-0.0111125606455104,-0.0109762188617816,-0.0109630313245657,-0.0110336565729427,-0.0104705142371793,-0.0100483052285882,-0.00993538070139555,-0.00992679027651739,-0.00991460300935174,-0.0088080068682595,-0.00850384909258745,-0.00842989846638376,-0.00836134327580563,-0.00833035535039945,-0.00737304101255028,-0.00726654795860631,-0.00514496628876318,-0.00501251912825157,-0.00470751712778541,-0.00462941703452546,-0.00445765991276881,-0.00365755264861427,-0.00360131653623169,-0.00346903515307675,-0.00336512027389258,-0.00324963869374446,-0.00333293276812654,-0.00204513494517886,-0.00223955121998924,-0.00231048077679785,-0.00168789374580301,-0.00158048557465393,-0.00181849911481557,-0.001695587645979,-0.00133267977854434,-0.00130925332628308,-0.00127176275505146,-0.00121863617750929,-0.00118567454329512,-0.000688574985153877,-0.000583849843104855,-0.000104268833817465,0.000131464775560654,0.000700232465440033,0.000822939829899265,0.000899651048248843,0.00102105443086434,0.00109153677881122,0.00126840310338945,0.00143730082004141,0.00128841126782214,0.0016388442393571,0.00195529241724721,0.00196284355025195,0.00199093440011463,0.00182441691080302,0.00203918059924579,0.00218355280186137,0.00244706115326641,0.00235716527351077,0.00235894466761597,0.00249255396552685,0.00238859829635969,0.00239356417383541,0.00240996703908247,0.00260715323040487,0.00262605923341839,0.00251520664184334,0.00243449931016312,0.00234144816202575,0.00233640296273437,0.00236354344700516,0.00195482715775804,0.001845150240642,0.00175314554250088,0.00171172590954036,0.00157140032035147,0.00167537883265178,0.00151343653606563,0.00155819747274376,0.0014699239123125,0.00139707468925767,0.00127063026769642,0.000967928080016299,0.000954398236342215,0.000938736949729107,0.000934631491372786,0.000939163409950995,0.000969191117161051,0.00108939384840025,0.00113892954474247,0.00118010334985102,0.00121731269974959,0.00124219568612598,0.00119238292405799,0.00114804201984014,0.00114091672522932,0.000862139356073734,-0.000286050782581293,-0.00103917520923243,-0.00106541219074096,-0.0010896834789081,-0.00147294871334493,-0.00114879937309095,-0.00169109200336836,-0.00149060699891602,-0.00166063868232139,-0.00184879284846646,-0.00195887848580534,-0.00210951783759476,-0.00215138394901729,-0.00219535444403992,-0.00219970935487013,-0.00226710215566077,-0.00231394371686314,-0.00230287258023803,-0.00187299277868663,-0.00187282678707914,-0.00185997778618934,-0.00186646921915536,-0.00198436054670062,-0.00192188026592663,-0.00185047548039997,-0.00158448085328703,-0.00154167486647773,-0.00154128172592874,-0.00201548380687731,-0.00202073206974742,-0.00203110660076034,-0.00182275833026525,-0.00170144959568286,-0.0016113101388578,-0.00147799950299246,-0.00132468746003322,-0.00105850055331625,-0.000622204676391358,-0.000374942700620381,-0.000205109483216287,0.000147203084733445,0.000331082945487333,0.000825295056186578,0.00147987278617256,0.00189616941731028,0.00214968574959048,0.00271575482967919,0.00329723318902195,0.00351818750929637,0.00411061454869211,0.00490596312558323,0.00514584970115337,0.00545611017166666,0.00590895046045617,0.00641726463277756,0.00672299309000623,0.00813954645980096,0.00826320568362556,0.00848063848349803,0.00893397824746646,0.0108013098182627,0.0114875601073451,0.0118110423299182,0.0123774394778541,0.0124404037296703,0.0127374181976271,0.0129846218810786,0.0133238569412169,0.0137228947991881,0.0137744584076932,0.0137937419902824,0.0138776673248973,0.0139004774322093,0.0139360857299147,0.0143826099644213,0.0145364905201335,0.0146319671852161,0.0148165143177932,0.0150140696385805,0.0153896190251578,0.0153910586251619,0.0157075698676796,0.0156588862993641,0.0156998812952328,0.015743914026678,0.0158219569358087,0.0168760486292446,0.0169639026695678,0.0171800210211724,0.0172849343682769,0.0173288867140248,0.0174644162754736,0.0175171757868927,0.0177306909022589,0.017842800720655,0.0179413876558518,0.018018099700234,0.0184624916629765,0.0191984557690297,0.0192582023970136,0.0199253117593056,0.0203234813247376,0.020792753098933,0.021702906847766,0.0215768595552318,0.0219800630015685,0.022040889046824,0.022303871283009,0.0227844057129624,0.0237320515348072,0.023800698106302,0.0243793199939858,0.0249954353205619,0.0252635845514517,0.0252862073102404,0.0260571936485738,0.0274592947567724,0.0277559909180227,0.02831091974519,0.0283435205319193,0.028719549939457,0.0287069836159872,0.0289946420186088,0.0290190769637275,0.0290312345674267,0.0294064646394551,0.0294842865569786,0.0299020211821878,0.0300077824527963,0.0313918291319042,0.0316844115568642,0.0318805069935344,0.032078721371319,0.0326919989874211,0.0331213786242954,0.0335580771150853,0.0345229699430929,0.0347327835068556,0.0350669592981871,0.035305966058237,0.0355352953263593,0.0357677825117211,0.0361754094290969,0.0364622408902623,0.036631946647717,0.036876711397841,0.0369020649384924,0.0369929644960886,0.0371627163451461,0.0374892162150919,0.0379889866254123,0.0392968849454516,0.0398322527330741,0.0402481741619404,0.0412701394677739,0.0416008760455381,0.0419300925223837,0.0426351461737147,0.0435525756419818,0.0457151140207589,0.0479896115500076,0.0491620988295476,0.0497044696765225,0.0504111475747402,0.0504470148982683,0.0523690568479223,0.0537777969231434,0.0555781436884326,0.0556137518504418,0.0558509885372075,0.0559377797440143,0.0561766581953082,0.0562266204857789,0.0565234431143415,0.0566114721587632,0.0577076926598475,0.0577444146020929,0.0577573409011105,0.057778852439565,0.0580282498931889,0.0580158923270898,0.0580905620728404,0.058831441989172,0.058920748435193,0.0589394214689624,0.059121568117223,0.0590914668510601,0.0591651431905638,0.0609079404150991,0.062356818888745,0.0624706602443332,0.0629876885102494,0.0631218874734017,0.0638744315999206,0.0640447531107285,0.0640562285747756,0.0641319354307467,0.0641104741503033,0.0648580100186785,0.0650908863421621,0.0679299621466583,0.0688011644219457,0.06914160797684,0.0703267627277179,0.0727544155670998,0.0749082949455116,0.0759258128024582,0.0760954863583723,0.0762073725471526,0.0764056614333905,0.0766970000522161,0.0765892195930007,0.0771804707876382,0.0776297609849954,0.0789798938691804,0.080764739754199,0.082201850365369,0.0823486636044094,0.0824037729834111,0.082457524752191,0.0823450107484621,0.0831642996240154,0.0837338564888071,0.0837352961638998,0.0840321172577857,0.0840984198432118,0.0844169950261861,0.0860017715071749,0.0864041113911451,0.0866308309669743,0.0867602021127847,0.0868026591718773,0.0867626417585746,0.0868682784430989,0.0870465003359638,0.0871346086788119,0.0872312327680196,0.0874586283099416,0.0875906704401921,0.0876187609534666,0.0876903601955624,0.0878318232767808,0.0878342899967148,0.0878829698364063,0.0879268979108319,0.0881522456125316,0.0884377337485822,0.0892565273639715,0.0909517384841496,0.091450897225535,0.0917855420336765,0.0918906178883521,0.0919226690904191,0.0920247011391027,0.0922423386097601,0.092761582638802,0.0931020673766393,0.0941579525186863,0.0945902968870633,0.0957854722732152,0.0967640004354769,0.0973170356728499,0.098571375386997,0.099324274566646,0.1002439202528,0.101121587630557,0.102479161956446,0.103555860297996,0.104475073056696,0.104683698969051,0.105742128042735,0.105791852620137,0.106878156388185,0.106904138883062,0.107665599377936,0.1088902903657,0.110037934588725,0.111516149293187,0.113488367036777,0.114320866294536,0.115902535735371,0.117268725159387,0.119095735835714,0.120210839063794],"lat":[51.5114446653239,51.5110431162127,51.5100953773978,51.5097685605737,51.5094452597312,51.5089595727417,51.5087065914421,51.5084500941348,51.5078333388503,51.5070186078832,51.5066295059676,51.5060698268873,51.5049272756032,51.5037962619441,51.5030791316579,51.502432255693,51.5019642780314,51.5016611350364,51.5013525487705,51.5007715128484,51.4997460170658,51.4988399995761,51.4973539873166,51.496293057721,51.4962012774246,51.4952034402355,51.4936947555716,51.4932902344571,51.4925870757369,51.491342311064,51.491087141422,51.4905554064605,51.4897803649435,51.4889944759802,51.4887482265165,51.4886509767999,51.4885528545926,51.4880247264865,51.4878402279586,51.4877396965967,51.487639803356,51.4875180589076,51.4873301487449,51.4861245019658,51.4860737935078,51.4858605158833,51.4855637269,51.4844558764702,51.4835987162086,51.4827474158645,51.4824265747742,51.4822307598377,51.4818494955343,51.4812411101405,51.4808466408147,51.4799698271723,51.4790926873301,51.478694179943,51.4780646701293,51.4774683932415,51.4772909515877,51.4771134838295,51.47682352925,51.4768128789548,51.4769849831969,51.4770546270662,51.4771632342748,51.477328502187,51.4775831303855,51.4777383050996,51.477893700429,51.4780675991006,51.4781115228602,51.4782515102121,51.4783985544549,51.4785115324723,51.4785500505675,51.4785996863865,51.4786097856347,51.4786218410044,51.4786826608498,51.4787137525851,51.4787219552111,51.4787973606492,51.478919601995,51.4786793198591,51.4777787536182,51.4774941019155,51.4771346845025,51.4768063510371,51.4763251819881,51.4761646602196,51.476040562799,51.4757943620883,51.475765229531,51.4757494711904,51.4755353351523,51.4753768358497,51.475191976434,51.4749208116669,51.4748578975067,51.4745528211671,51.4742019021075,51.4739835069379,51.4738955889353,51.4737294642612,51.4734755596574,51.4734545651079,51.4732691301219,51.4730742165316,51.4731947847727,51.4732893298823,51.4735444094652,51.4737809127128,51.4738280076281,51.4739211433797,51.4740168451036,51.4741867529757,51.474512978271,51.4747581191739,51.4750130290711,51.4752685590252,51.4754646328045,51.4757451171486,51.4760082370204,51.4761065731862,51.4761264445848,51.4761122302263,51.4759962066386,51.4759198306289,51.4758418521912,51.4757716827139,51.4757350561149,51.4756714473706,51.4755585481093,51.475479224439,51.4753965200355,51.4753463505484,51.4751398530238,51.4750142370573,51.475467039801,51.4752457150025,51.4755244782652,51.4755051809183,51.4753779347412,51.4752179385284,51.4750310016012,51.474847905617,51.4747695669945,51.4745984142023,51.4745774736225,51.4745724179306,51.4745720712207,51.4746000083703,51.474601113401,51.4748178811947,51.474883922892,51.4748821516076,51.4749240311252,51.4744728987721,51.4744689349646,51.4744856031491,51.4744954398031,51.4746942970927,51.4748141130749,51.4749756335662,51.4752345226602,51.4753085408035,51.4754081354458,51.4754490902862,51.4754623395538,51.4753554409751,51.4752137050342,51.475122442168,51.4746635674791,51.4745205254354,51.4741562648601,51.4740946577439,51.4738861217465,51.4732591751175,51.4732288045935,51.4732500166068,51.4732744410953,51.4732860293212,51.4732681957637,51.4732740275168,51.4732292338581,51.4731754789135,51.473136818214,51.4730730508226,51.4729519315589,51.4727303264595,51.4726313586238,51.4725415818032,51.4724496740898,51.4723752999671,51.4723345827901,51.4723278308176,51.4722696559595,51.4721860389138,51.4721004706422,51.4720623970839,51.4720204220949,51.4719793967164,51.4719588580727,51.471899040093,51.4718315710818,51.4717962966092,51.4717319865226,51.4715342515527,51.4713155405754,51.4710462259301,51.4708649193145,51.4707135719934,51.470418450669,51.4703905660379,51.4703195720454,51.4702050814224,51.4700827835585,51.4700139930801,51.4699530859149,51.4697982094902,51.4696770208378,51.4695434284516,51.4694328675063,51.4690905015664,51.4687958122495,51.4687098294591,51.4687315300998,51.4683252648114,51.4680212329229,51.4675455405588,51.4669363675341,51.4664790053463,51.4666410824583,51.4666090921353,51.4665308623188,51.4664118396733,51.466061764255,51.4656976185173,51.4651140671274,51.4647367283035,51.4646465659264,51.4641316921527,51.4638931226801,51.4636135476036,51.4632633145837,51.4629876065761,51.4626470959343,51.4625425268254,51.4621966033394,51.4619201285395,51.4616065062255,51.4615454042752,51.4611845416114,51.4610964062588,51.460983933183,51.460902756341,51.4607952147018,51.4607001251143,51.4605185226528,51.4603437210837,51.4600735017349,51.4598348379404,51.4595754351268,51.4593922887342,51.4592932084736,51.459266589093,51.4591243789326,51.4586402870477,51.4585609950701,51.4586232416535,51.4582264835706,51.4580465516224,51.4580036349083,51.4577744019443,51.4575239296091,51.4572985606056,51.4570648253913,51.4568108385743,51.4566455463391,51.4565511978636,51.4561961228696,51.4557801277506,51.4556197495189,51.4555431418312,51.4554014541202,51.4552566840803,51.4550628544629,51.4548461028748,51.45470659885,51.4545614192446,51.4543405304738,51.453766076257,51.4533983386668,51.4529420048649,51.4524704723328,51.4521866332422,51.4518874162596,51.4518126056104,51.4515506927708,51.4509645056478,51.4506997409787,51.450451250281,51.4499631409987,51.449496987481,51.4486620935793,51.4484183049296,51.448171536797,51.4475064313292,51.4470927364784,51.4468001911221,51.4465896685643,51.4464231475115,51.4462312830147,51.4460896883267,51.4459457654663,51.4458486444219,51.4457465394425,51.4456091530651,51.4455375427196,51.4454527404408,51.4454116576733,51.4453925497481,51.445344838658,51.4453117684306,51.4449827479848,51.4446839200879,51.4444003701787,51.4441309128292,51.4439156504445,51.4435659723307,51.4432465559507,51.4432647614808,51.4432460218725,51.4432366441556,51.4429932309069,51.4429501901846,51.4428630141512,51.4428293581563,51.4427350921052,51.4427342191234,51.4426114830959,51.4428724497868,51.4432595742239,51.4435427636147,51.4434273224664,51.4432882842166,51.4431878881309,51.4431639889463,51.4430637460089,51.4429282041274,51.4428410608039,51.442778348925,51.4426469285514,51.4420106358376,51.4417964790486,51.4410972008799,51.4408641674606,51.440725674033,51.4405604490972,51.4399980644706,51.439962040647,51.4400401245567,51.4401887154475,51.440405785099,51.4400304248431,51.4400198462576,51.4399779052108,51.4398248729655,51.4396251096251,51.4396127593892,51.4395687152791,51.4395370158668,51.4394433247664,51.4392948157206,51.4392717082329,51.4392610275366,51.439220730858,51.4390204566412,51.4389895682146,51.4389817362709,51.4389468397362,51.4389071895529,51.4388760089905,51.4387475514379,51.4386525983647,51.4384782028102,51.4384153426146,51.4383214976031,51.4381505365145,51.4381338973072,51.4380995539356,51.4379988308213,51.4379775517927,51.4377964379954,51.4376502210838,51.4374190169397,51.4371920697465,51.4371302920761,51.4371143983702,51.4370074312301,51.4367920117849,51.4366080163161,51.4364478485296,51.4366305478202,51.4366885384892,51.4367415077947,51.4368796273204,51.4368577235711,51.4364521805283,51.4358889573226,51.4358618144402,51.4355105005267,51.4353622161852,51.4351283605918,51.4348892470296,51.4348854490098,51.4348551666956,51.4344595583255,51.4340927469905,51.4340037778514,51.4337559121471,51.4336473342771,51.4336273801419,51.4332996990865,51.4330368301282,51.4328544349596,51.432696206231,51.4324124092055,51.4323331083983,51.432315485539,51.4322713715683,51.4321831690116,51.432151405891,51.4319986233715,51.4319907984545,51.4316132502035,51.4308307044864,51.4314902924167,51.4315726319582,51.4317737688761,51.4313787630888,51.4312595337462,51.4299387178349,51.429653461442,51.4294349524591,51.4292101084422,51.4286799822063,51.4285875522312,51.4284768105834,51.4276074117391,51.4267220806745,51.426337554972,51.4260152161841,51.4256173292345,51.4255145748935,51.4253701989163,51.4253683511353,51.4250493689802,51.4247890117308,51.4244655373539,51.4243998526914,51.4243088432351,51.4242745833133,51.4242327929098,51.4242033041552,51.4241089900564,51.4237349896582,51.4240625571029,51.4250792527642,51.4250594648017,51.424874928432,51.4247223898035,51.424701693242,51.4246700979332,51.4246704576509,51.4246704279937,51.4245909550836,51.4248829989995,51.425162840098,51.426140057749,51.4261575594976,51.4265001183017,51.4275222351801,51.4276681499592,51.4279322829742,51.4284487059122,51.4289958635568,51.4296472707416,51.4301672487091,51.4304863155255,51.4312623865615,51.431529979985,51.4321347733987,51.4325330744301,51.4327178935994,51.433325966431,51.4337534343956,51.4343921273826,51.4348429671977,51.4350327643372,51.435239784783,51.4356504763157,51.4362194655864,51.4364046991155,51.4366028343789,51.4367851984494,51.4371691665967,51.4376531623533,51.4377451878679,51.4378752894665,51.4382992675325,51.438345671699,51.4386315357827,51.4389904855116,51.4390404839014,51.4392688846619,51.4394806597887,51.4396537519498,51.4399502432355,51.4402045681824,51.4407091156966,51.4407466834524,51.440811954825,51.4408793283754,51.4409859688598,51.4409961057528,51.4410460577663,51.4411509796477,51.4412645614882,51.4413360824465,51.4413992939702,51.4414520919753,51.4416524386065,51.4417844388292,51.441922634898,51.4419781733526,51.4420146434826,51.442047792171,51.4420517871861,51.4421404500269,51.4423100640282,51.4423509263209,51.4423871701104,51.4423879443726,51.4423886187162,51.442429256417,51.4424460065975,51.4424802281939,51.4424857945115,51.4426137446921,51.4426212330035,51.442670780591,51.4427775135906,51.4428991724715,51.4429164203599,51.4429637958786,51.4430699535095,51.4430755696428,51.4431423140907,51.4432033676479,51.4432283781061,51.4432403841314,51.4432993912092,51.4434432893819,51.4434952561566,51.4435301509496,51.4435411585377,51.4435917030004,51.4435969188141,51.4436722730781,51.4436541004183,51.4436508303011,51.4436902919258,51.4437920528649,51.4438194067895,51.4438946339506,51.4439447012708,51.4440071178549,51.4441539284681,51.4441718489423,51.444207359626,51.4442376292888,51.4443170736051,51.4443140503726,51.4443081033533,51.443275436908,51.4421160904385,51.4419775829666,51.4419523975262,51.4417410294996,51.4417052259568,51.4416278253004,51.4416244798278,51.4415898224362,51.4415769132338,51.4415325640524,51.4415106476479,51.4415433414031,51.4415786329606,51.4416053031556,51.4416444602538,51.4417383519206,51.4417967268615,51.4418528108932,51.4419012876361,51.4419531595513,51.4420838051661,51.442192872566,51.442367575287,51.4425739280149,51.4427159979137,51.4427352097786,51.4434091088538,51.4442109171529,51.4444411341459,51.4444445053303,51.4446598340689,51.4449925941461,51.4452336159651,51.4457017284022,51.4466913481251,51.4467775242446,51.4471413827951,51.4472046276999,51.447433356524,51.4476525232925,51.4480331035658,51.4481258270635,51.4482571846699,51.4484387145837,51.4485316418972,51.4486654028772,51.4487186183882,51.4489586449244,51.4490134196566,51.4491304092039,51.4492805352427,51.4494123678026,51.4495276872893,51.4500318726188,51.4506043436924,51.450621838483,51.4502269015877,51.4507320689043,51.4507350933078,51.4511230686027,51.4511964990698,51.4513488011027,51.4517049041042,51.4516884731948,51.4515826613479,51.4515898748756,51.4530022187224,51.4530396306161,51.4531381644873,51.45326705249,51.4535961640176,51.4538182013657,51.4541121262829,51.4541877568387,51.4542868003872,51.4543644261618,51.4544303454373,51.4545737419582,51.4545944344101,51.4547043106037,51.4547515648695,51.4547934770639,51.4550391724003,51.4550460566671,51.4553381795585,51.4554699598673,51.4555550435905,51.4556395655434,51.4556870321966,51.4557267660853,51.4558657849046,51.45596833305,51.4560370923041,51.4561774786433,51.4563070410091,51.4564600302581,51.4565500477969,51.4566143118435,51.4566152598046,51.4566850442395,51.4566994464974,51.4567659674711,51.4568775417755,51.4569650165821,51.4570160538191,51.4571664696575,51.4571974415388,51.4575198145187,51.4578542246315,51.4580879277794,51.458464596121,51.4586727927243,51.4590340856703,51.4593408951137,51.4595538769964,51.4598395713902,51.4602953475797,51.4608766948244,51.4611497702282,51.4614008846564,51.4617252048107,51.4620647764564,51.4622899193621,51.4625053503099,51.4627737384579,51.4630128920263,51.4632715434283,51.4636383608983,51.4638419017324,51.4640366647657,51.4640872081961,51.464449458371,51.4645810865013,51.4646571604755,51.4647359055847,51.4648537206243,51.4651095364615,51.4653169511792,51.4655645452223,51.4658200320387,51.4658743177687,51.4659956046915,51.46606725248,51.466096809921,51.4661237492643,51.4662007047069,51.46622859126,51.4662694035586,51.4663413061105,51.4664785686338,51.4666534671283,51.4667136957012,51.466723821331,51.4667574432151,51.4668065232346,51.466831924677,51.4669569099401,51.4670724305142,51.4672646340137,51.4673576246169,51.4674911355442,51.4676246805918,51.4677382930022,51.46789228668,51.4679916942546,51.4681218177365,51.4682857821631,51.4684312219233,51.468796650857,51.4698069869445,51.4698524361052,51.4698971023188,51.4698790315707,51.4698302850281,51.4698296268551,51.4698294313139,51.4697933340848,51.4697444420986,51.4697016653756,51.4695717668402,51.4694564173732,51.4693655271978,51.469254199426,51.4692143149399,51.4691692527472,51.4691608517105,51.4691597551886,51.4691162841922,51.4689812295218,51.4691315236536,51.4693235086924,51.4694456184519,51.4694911573873,51.4696347686058,51.469850333792,51.4699188836316,51.4699513242049,51.470000459056,51.4700527259619,51.4700797580085,51.4701669879978,51.4706200377167,51.4712731028039,51.4715698864688,51.4719123003766,51.4722743100708,51.4725293457962,51.4728169370429,51.4730798789139,51.4733137248298,51.4733486450151,51.4734315180969,51.473715246704,51.4738532262227,51.4738447534653,51.4737423752731,51.4735321356391,51.4734332956729,51.4733408063935,51.4731727807558,51.4729551709283,51.4728721844056,51.4726814822513,51.4724463648098,51.4723487790822,51.4722605930177,51.4721521489131,51.4720234747342,51.4719374982933,51.4718787948176,51.4718482607881,51.471834504541,51.4718118807097,51.4718154378181,51.471822187566,51.4718368127487,51.4719529698045,51.4721181180677,51.4724009069535,51.4725547040651,51.4725789988118,51.4726291023214,51.4727565752291,51.4727546832965,51.4727396793531,51.4727345729836,51.4726077731793,51.4725525676514,51.472388529621,51.4723407245745,51.4723521404454,51.472370204101,51.4723937040686,51.4724924498407,51.4726754512087,51.4725221638653,51.4721520002928,51.4721312835193,51.4719179473406,51.4719171461976,51.4718867025509,51.4717689822952,51.4713992957959,51.4706715655967,51.4701183899372,51.47005009239,51.4697822205324,51.4696560185151,51.4693794247605,51.4689365317918,51.4687670566889,51.4684720102783,51.4683076831326,51.468233932629,51.4680397302334,51.4680363089776,51.468150491798,51.4682619272201,51.4683302266473,51.4684800876072,51.4685491879494,51.4688602205361,51.468995795525,51.4690488156892,51.4692275218192,51.4690560707115,51.4692476995163,51.4692985084868,51.4693402339938,51.4693420312184,51.4694104751749,51.4694333363112,51.4694615886538,51.4694783990321,51.4695259605622,51.4696052147567,51.4697124701874,51.4699488373457,51.4700595595005,51.4700623039624,51.4702509181003,51.4705000057589,51.4705500355877,51.470586852718,51.4706110414512,51.4705249186193,51.4706454249907,51.4707481850378,51.4708793611569,51.4710634318896,51.4710693331866,51.4711021909146,51.4711894789254,51.471137871821,51.471229264717,51.4714673980409,51.47193815222,51.4719854878073,51.4720111108249,51.4720470804206,51.4720275597383,51.472041938561,51.4720554182307,51.4720788798193,51.4720974595456,51.4721845772455,51.4722871167327,51.4723712223053,51.4724172459627,51.4726129239062,51.4726764334406,51.4727252010941,51.4727821534518,51.4728483106333,51.4729219726213,51.4729878143928,51.4730177359324,51.4730832622818,51.4731239676255,51.4731599615862,51.4731742672464,51.4731699940073,51.4731837163677,51.4731976571274,51.47321414797,51.4733475316261,51.4734107260726,51.4734451891724,51.4734825424353,51.4735209886262,51.4735891862992,51.4736622169875,51.4737059819094,51.4737435293246,51.4738175309068,51.4738754543728,51.4739336702666,51.4740259836831,51.4739476093838,51.4739523452287,51.4740159757421,51.4740396305789,51.4740608808172,51.4740859433551,51.474086865074,51.4739664258459,51.4739854160754,51.4740879073666,51.4740994922816,51.4742709328183,51.4742827096788,51.4744642298232,51.4745325487956,51.474730874914,51.4750814785875,51.4751945826924,51.4752540368401,51.4753190533318,51.4753539066932,51.4753171605701,51.4752843736452,51.4752837426932,51.4752718461044,51.4752460791538,51.4751856067754,51.4753442516429,51.4752376567344,51.4752411783284,51.4753066556282,51.4754773430151,51.4756874958135,51.475756251368,51.4758509451516,51.4758610013282,51.4762343392992,51.476408937468,51.4764672744383,51.476548950506,51.4766240203092,51.4768427197585,51.4768713775891,51.4768841033925,51.4768995000786,51.4768990133186,51.4768962924801,51.4768812584138,51.4768767410451,51.4767699290835,51.4766863560058,51.4770031461009,51.4770372437673,51.4770681846064,51.477130601173,51.4773172915543,51.4778006506688,51.478130126184,51.4782036178471,51.4790309663078,51.4793776782093,51.4793426296957,51.479674911076,51.4796941939454,51.4797265180428,51.4797766423925,51.4799418961357,51.4799877944664,51.4800656775712,51.4812282465223,51.4813902592187,51.48142991731,51.4814753080126,51.48168285993,51.4816498009921,51.4817661788065,51.4817725665273,51.481806984523,51.4818416728237,51.4819367942138,51.4821874749208,51.4822765685387,51.4825246281931,51.4825679820339,51.4825981714145,51.482652623276,51.4828457531078,51.4830376437303,51.4830824526255,51.4831588573349,51.4831808603596,51.4832183084902,51.4832320050254,51.4832452392631,51.4832404776027,51.4832361272515,51.4831695814366,51.4829599862351,51.4829223179958,51.4828694141473,51.4828816457705,51.4828193494212,51.4828267737581,51.483059973642,51.4831272475197,51.4830971441577,51.4831534153316,51.4831307163667,51.4829601514115,51.4829438791512,51.482938225651,51.4829363178886,51.4829418192517,51.482947422194,51.4830378887551,51.4830731328738,51.4831067012481,51.4830564236412,51.4831127799682,51.4830541705789,51.4830761381047,51.4830813100166,51.4833118219339,51.4833778066498,51.4834156054119,51.4834289764561,51.4835601241023,51.4836084778428,51.4838172062072,51.4838561048509,51.4837352458532,51.4836558448867,51.4836067579274,51.4838270011064,51.4837919182816,51.4845184239823,51.4846159896022,51.4847070217744,51.4846814124206,51.484623633897,51.4849040756648,51.4848725429795,51.4849332395973,51.4848721182764,51.4849438919691,51.4850154535001,51.4856445891963,51.4858430435541,51.4859009060754,51.4862383151126,51.4861582480028,51.4860184209822,51.4858976225861,51.4860937731456,51.4862012863332,51.4862680925902,51.4863301359439,51.4863592499995,51.4865935781766,51.4865180522545,51.486714008048,51.4868673595824,51.4874223984086,51.487527317874,51.4876015476323,51.4877424599828,51.4878060046637,51.4877661160281,51.4879718641181,51.4880256638452,51.4884953966054,51.48845222486,51.4884601893762,51.4885424426981,51.4885884506254,51.4890847785959,51.4890922054957,51.4899447109206,51.4899642314745,51.4904650949117,51.4904897913924,51.4913719526522,51.4914195291951,51.4914651118909,51.4917899782111,51.4918597984327,51.4920586318272,51.4923207985302,51.492564291265,51.4928107775168,51.4930027579343,51.4929135145676,51.4931393053002,51.49330814021,51.4934149611623,51.4936646558142,51.4937033480947,51.4939857853824,51.4940209921698,51.4941106273583,51.4941577335248,51.4941652871895,51.4943916733273,51.4944116881402,51.4944488254525,51.4944866648479,51.4945243568574,51.4945849948305,51.4946980501965,51.494710693911,51.494729775197,51.4947570175566,51.4947988585904,51.495010137877,51.4951161091686,51.4951836760113,51.4954959834167,51.4952331985656,51.4963935073027,51.4964524070686,51.4965562367951,51.4974116796528,51.4974771970964,51.4983533350216,51.4983912848221,51.4988519104464,51.4988982815317,51.4988848696889,51.4993937246978,51.4994906597437,51.4996712626344,51.4997693571387,51.5001392054798,51.5009790212327,51.5012980730312,51.5013096338411,51.5015110672102,51.5017059895894,51.5017222870321,51.5017611657112,51.5019048834276,51.5019890973155,51.5019431984071,51.5020323958064,51.5020413817937,51.5021366910035,51.5021484709124,51.5022736460036,51.5027215289656,51.5029253944253,51.5030425618633,51.5031913671903,51.503336234408,51.5035250401797,51.5038143611584,51.5039657187703,51.5040599437976,51.5042409832876,51.504326874555,51.5045234769129,51.5046966571915,51.5047920681912,51.5048228117605,51.5048832890843,51.5048679618688,51.5048462018516,51.5047191741864,51.5044223097047,51.5043066989308,51.504087367522,51.5037352024899,51.503301152288,51.5030117519234,51.5018022657916,51.5017309043808,51.5015311397368,51.5011258970839,51.4994563213776,51.4988771122852,51.4986323570715,51.4981783987989,51.4981359517991,51.4979447051468,51.4978001756114,51.4976189939179,51.4973891229027,51.4973495687563,51.4973294536331,51.4970762163988,51.4970380552668,51.4969960772454,51.4966017209597,51.4964974598004,51.4964409639615,51.4963460675451,51.4962194728016,51.4960781281638,51.4960781034216,51.4959701461932,51.4959116311045,51.495893840266,51.4958795942813,51.495917820659,51.4954824333615,51.4954818215445,51.4954169535407,51.4953459048131,51.4953298610643,51.4952996519718,51.495254679924,51.4951961505837,51.4951249775161,51.4950738210362,51.4951471404711,51.4949992054538,51.494766213128,51.4948793918776,51.4947509969272,51.4946982745893,51.4946245416034,51.494454178346,51.4940148086048,51.4939458068871,51.4940832460184,51.4942963348775,51.49424937781,51.4940801504805,51.4939386791598,51.4938621451248,51.4938515069537,51.493855868667,51.4939112328703,51.4938844250438,51.4937954431621,51.4938262837888,51.4938652470117,51.4937558710021,51.4937889339725,51.4938952656599,51.4939496406326,51.4939159447031,51.4938977488618,51.4939452118471,51.4938485419675,51.4939123539128,51.4939581845344,51.4942084943649,51.4942438927113,51.4942476891496,51.4942667361961,51.4943541276219,51.4944204241012,51.4944892899121,51.4946757885761,51.4946964284484,51.494759873416,51.4948213722294,51.4948596574198,51.4948718083849,51.4948053787709,51.4948408650945,51.4948343206111,51.4948633423496,51.4948826859823,51.4949827249741,51.4950418259589,51.4950622322302,51.4951236907497,51.4953122818658,51.4953964946172,51.4954513086403,51.4954308250482,51.4954169736913,51.4954013493199,51.4953495016452,51.4953110349893,51.4951842994179,51.4950807482369,51.4950117036623,51.4949626561755,51.4949152295993,51.4949119045908,51.4947559778875,51.4946548741523,51.4945163137685,51.4944752220898,51.4944647680486,51.4945046130892,51.4944986259884,51.4944563831388,51.4944574727172,51.4944927991683,51.4944582797684,51.4944099736673,51.4940572301876,51.4940550541297,51.494058770688,51.4944240941094,51.4944506611524,51.4944592378468,51.4942031743089,51.4942019471558,51.4942158349946,51.494442981461,51.4944794573179,51.4945666448712,51.4946212066869,51.4944942047925,51.4945543540451,51.4945591871779,51.4946664473425,51.4945141692721,51.4945130679978,51.4945306201795,51.4947252419888,51.4947534475652,51.4947421523179,51.4949547073642,51.4950094837489,51.4950511385897,51.4951669098967,51.4955188056867,51.4959006759455,51.4960993928969,51.4959336194001,51.4958911708269,51.4958795662359,51.495949946392,51.4962728978606,51.4965070297361,51.4966924150957,51.497329455989,51.4981467179195,51.4988882937008,51.4988218378244,51.498861326762,51.4989026383431,51.4989945643837,51.499836126862,51.5004141362828,51.5004141107003,51.5006669291776,51.5006990241666,51.501018001746,51.5028126610095,51.5032929127882,51.5035244900262,51.5035491663246,51.5035007489747,51.5034133316918,51.5034231424695,51.5036654740446,51.5037331504397,51.5037979773593,51.5038865555304,51.503969636551,51.5040482730875,51.5043221780018,51.5050210975422,51.505043535613,51.5054464454073,51.5055562746655,51.5056628735842,51.5058556311606,51.506492124812,51.5079205424308,51.5083414969315,51.5087258156141,51.5088174663865,51.5089194125194,51.5090075203517,51.5090396088648,51.5090807035393,51.5090890154232,51.5090476828791,51.5089536306883,51.509215550699,51.5094039942641,51.5094903279172,51.509596485356,51.5096414630729,51.5096771548194,51.5096461454317,51.5095840445104,51.5095251678254,51.5094888916537,51.5094815504777,51.5094328736436,51.5093861174253,51.5094106708443,51.5094740530226,51.5095170248132,51.5096047199088,51.5097090763385,51.5098875060647,51.5101523391423,51.5102974049631,51.5105305691147,51.5107783939628,51.5111734527899,51.5114446653239]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.223425180211038,-0.223269121948767,-0.223112534958677,-0.222759163639294,-0.22172587754476,-0.220390229911776,-0.2197974915513,-0.219088692181997,-0.218994522965355,-0.217465526517659,-0.216850846832608,-0.21547790905639,-0.21518749771272,-0.214720107487179,-0.214767693644771,-0.213364742041129,-0.212780963813847,-0.212801425107596,-0.212644698937098,-0.212566017905328,-0.21174270265159,-0.210473689597838,-0.209056369329508,-0.207269639716489,-0.206987545290257,-0.205766455395799,-0.203438975932801,-0.202012342002208,-0.202010903261322,-0.200300992077403,-0.199983361355552,-0.199670637446194,-0.199111360561345,-0.199078305095839,-0.195540457849623,-0.195162995636535,-0.195093667336942,-0.195121092722375,-0.195127287975686,-0.195121516712632,-0.194990943362623,-0.195122670998983,-0.195126110051948,-0.195116489277647,-0.195164291353482,-0.195170217556294,-0.194924842932909,-0.19447776125468,-0.1941342110753,-0.194130131716856,-0.194436227083245,-0.194588834078171,-0.194590272720993,-0.194744713871187,-0.194685269896639,-0.194781777897367,-0.194832405440176,-0.194854472109154,-0.194851351557995,-0.194804766140528,-0.194698368688172,-0.194626783918218,-0.194586460441217,-0.194418869879356,-0.193882867039973,-0.194368222474642,-0.194411190508341,-0.194443110113651,-0.194473059030905,-0.194502192238709,-0.194551035474485,-0.194570523594617,-0.194609338044363,-0.194815342560185,-0.194839263716102,-0.194385212105688,-0.194217562274461,-0.194041135014101,-0.194128037825072,-0.192577957937094,-0.19234971433272,-0.191700666649411,-0.191256344623087,-0.190840547512359,-0.190328867827917,-0.190088187422621,-0.188869323838236,-0.188505436580395,-0.188454709089932,-0.187343743212457,-0.18711267887231,-0.18401503506065,-0.183439568213366,-0.182578971011573,-0.182351998965595,-0.182214544655188,-0.182005453812635,-0.181398800468606,-0.181313426748019,-0.18115825570107,-0.180933991241485,-0.180796834577371,-0.180720234834244,-0.180266635453288,-0.179289444088202,-0.179095972779779,-0.17894556345935,-0.178814986510914,-0.178502433452037,-0.178493513418963,-0.17845183409982,-0.178782020368951,-0.178561353250108,-0.177980320441257,-0.177974313971222,-0.177952241882537,-0.178479819232423,-0.178320236251456,-0.178236745952529,-0.177827538280603,-0.177749906847386,-0.177629761432912,-0.177305794256179,-0.177240871222402,-0.177239109801317,-0.177564737875592,-0.17756437972789,-0.177503930045328,-0.177470815431707,-0.177419203753114,-0.177377932522265,-0.177304542163568,-0.177279152929691,-0.177147625575193,-0.177135450569733,-0.177111786557446,-0.176886506965817,-0.176724407022537,-0.176640107387824,-0.176301768159235,-0.175946590356089,-0.175895012023302,-0.175781284725217,-0.175754775778587,-0.175733951603161,-0.175883806009014,-0.175853409909988,-0.175979992603129,-0.175997948578488,-0.176019540851844,-0.176023899289886,-0.176003146981733,-0.175680002772046,-0.175612654122572,-0.175805080901082,-0.175539467286821,-0.175455543148333,-0.175271396270685,-0.175153185769187,-0.174919891961328,-0.174658420987649,-0.174399462611657,-0.174180182181435,-0.17384418590115,-0.173768523779133,-0.173392870419865,-0.173098415559658,-0.172451570357492,-0.172157178853321,-0.172021244063028,-0.171629232220285,-0.171417087431359,-0.171318856846056,-0.171134490272437,-0.170968329090311,-0.170865062712047,-0.170667668650397,-0.16862314826118,-0.16789443509574,-0.167898791606703,-0.167786491706405,-0.167748527259227,-0.166266228565712,-0.165806765005484,-0.165763505127424,-0.165032802019596,-0.164996790771926,-0.164966064209163,-0.164915151508195,-0.164880933161746,-0.161550724742027,-0.157886867781603,-0.156247666570981,-0.153961151006976,-0.152875625519708,-0.15279071461766,-0.152143735109803,-0.150222607248987,-0.150187745254896,-0.150027526532978,-0.150016822882229,-0.149479951512979,-0.149251151962471,-0.149108183425674,-0.14803967747885,-0.147241313311061,-0.146703325845401,-0.146365735694644,-0.146163444177099,-0.143486928059933,-0.141614238499812,-0.140621907378002,-0.140390164104171,-0.140276897043098,-0.140077234717127,-0.138947850425302,-0.138388214816925,-0.138208593894998,-0.138091973229967,-0.13785105947607,-0.137616719768883,-0.137354362574865,-0.137307142024522,-0.136914809867336,-0.136901884798163,-0.13684214063454,-0.136819279840003,-0.136801092404133,-0.136768548464346,-0.136733455539962,-0.136679834691943,-0.136170982474178,-0.136120130089909,-0.135919855472681,-0.135775657267849,-0.135738308363287,-0.135664573417181,-0.134540907682445,-0.134542401786143,-0.134157569411664,-0.133197337953019,-0.133137281690714,-0.13271816537731,-0.132638399392832,-0.132441556058482,-0.13213676917714,-0.131998725485744,-0.131930312542015,-0.13200517224749,-0.131685753582438,-0.13148552102351,-0.131335731740823,-0.131165901286635,-0.130721325070672,-0.130556362114923,-0.13048937970689,-0.129963772457749,-0.129687498889917,-0.129349667829414,-0.129139046893621,-0.129137607524831,-0.128821548942545,-0.128504127792415,-0.128455634947445,-0.128368339650401,-0.128171746425765,-0.128035930845084,-0.127727240296149,-0.127052352814204,-0.126531888111467,-0.12636370163664,-0.1268735114221,-0.127049050673229,-0.127161070390208,-0.127279859397038,-0.127405731835023,-0.127496477292734,-0.127989872366079,-0.128635486439486,-0.129168138126041,-0.129459037650374,-0.129947544105655,-0.130188995280464,-0.130219991155674,-0.130311392382061,-0.130348292115677,-0.130352830338586,-0.13037057894711,-0.130441377616564,-0.130567883443736,-0.130583341377803,-0.130644934085059,-0.130661757702418,-0.130853681715717,-0.130985059354685,-0.131168547730105,-0.131344882250843,-0.131412327669543,-0.131544406160754,-0.131611697163077,-0.131736233738392,-0.131829554833591,-0.131877099887468,-0.131969545631798,-0.131988174234073,-0.131989613404247,-0.131992638614136,-0.132061425051187,-0.13210720693736,-0.132275060519122,-0.132632231914222,-0.13309478670857,-0.133319289629018,-0.133646005365873,-0.133833679708412,-0.133883435069424,-0.133883428269518,-0.133980314972322,-0.134057228864073,-0.134111659568437,-0.134244027297499,-0.134520328388082,-0.134527853658549,-0.134710816358809,-0.134952915412768,-0.134857818342357,-0.134872832032163,-0.135230572700357,-0.134706485337658,-0.134533929325043,-0.134461785208729,-0.134449154728915,-0.134479218523145,-0.13453725629124,-0.134502032056657,-0.134494241129245,-0.134486349288335,-0.134557768238402,-0.134721998398648,-0.134747570687607,-0.134798788605454,-0.135071693474869,-0.135238908700959,-0.135348765997193,-0.135596573204696,-0.135704414379685,-0.135787169730419,-0.135909923757828,-0.136080091248305,-0.136258599647836,-0.13627557456055,-0.136293988472524,-0.136310963396635,-0.136327901701608,-0.136343401018312,-0.136358900340684,-0.136374363044888,-0.136388350136404,-0.136492601886568,-0.136660960608793,-0.136918036893619,-0.137492551566589,-0.137849022389014,-0.138042859248309,-0.138349190603968,-0.138516013519783,-0.138678677816737,-0.138726920290969,-0.138746615389697,-0.139066285214347,-0.139159732313647,-0.139209474594352,-0.139270423241419,-0.139448975615883,-0.139502107721296,-0.13959971183484,-0.139578566067387,-0.139455972006275,-0.139316231136524,-0.139741292312205,-0.139866906594007,-0.140342638428323,-0.140981336509298,-0.141784401177271,-0.141495707066829,-0.141583978595376,-0.142676865558519,-0.143100405044462,-0.143240731508532,-0.146114549751295,-0.147298420822349,-0.149429105499227,-0.15034529735977,-0.150618707584456,-0.150643219361426,-0.150641475648971,-0.150565707922629,-0.150470385432594,-0.151231440776376,-0.150991820536176,-0.150982575894671,-0.150967264984522,-0.150793133141798,-0.150731777235593,-0.150660554465939,-0.150535730391458,-0.150462437872661,-0.150384793337291,-0.150054847132415,-0.149930470525412,-0.149785293435531,-0.149702639551016,-0.149693477708396,-0.149671310636056,-0.149390467703309,-0.14929908852732,-0.149217219484626,-0.14896436596369,-0.148664622769225,-0.148365722793896,-0.148340791231727,-0.148333429116793,-0.148153901906247,-0.148080133856551,-0.147976942510853,-0.1479699417333,-0.148001656770303,-0.147958023813109,-0.147780674414259,-0.147651125425807,-0.147631060829538,-0.147378014758044,-0.147729989815446,-0.147359944859507,-0.146569772482711,-0.144621475243336,-0.143768645666085,-0.143612289191087,-0.143147423439467,-0.142322636054121,-0.142327935919123,-0.14237261191223,-0.142443739774792,-0.142583743483739,-0.142820933837657,-0.142953301005233,-0.143073614191755,-0.143360173809905,-0.14361726891556,-0.144068747593553,-0.144647607053157,-0.144795221274943,-0.144937083514845,-0.145174942972024,-0.145283375391459,-0.145440413773798,-0.145566209467677,-0.145586470909457,-0.145589219755579,-0.145678603887794,-0.145696480678902,-0.145687979027091,-0.145603491085663,-0.145406958130769,-0.145146059783223,-0.144854929024878,-0.14474971375206,-0.144594185015967,-0.144467146896157,-0.144337834134178,-0.144003546047174,-0.143823619507832,-0.143620746018612,-0.143271215544749,-0.142768671607667,-0.142358688306549,-0.141615520990297,-0.140804329352142,-0.13904175197888,-0.137885144957469,-0.137370345974172,-0.137351542017351,-0.136751142692421,-0.136416885660881,-0.136395509492335,-0.136023276867431,-0.13598006283615,-0.135904030302223,-0.135941865685118,-0.136104211428924,-0.136424240542724,-0.136688365263256,-0.136807525528614,-0.137011418628809,-0.137047038864715,-0.137048586543168,-0.137371898974046,-0.137433244803409,-0.137477224864496,-0.137497636786352,-0.13751834113913,-0.137487863544698,-0.13747598205927,-0.137286305256631,-0.137301879418514,-0.13725980095914,-0.137259898657787,-0.137303354429347,-0.137381492348265,-0.137383478701173,-0.137401295266007,-0.13750418086666,-0.13768372603967,-0.137815477505515,-0.138003196962673,-0.138306848405831,-0.138508993160534,-0.138981959773895,-0.139119203996465,-0.139325293548115,-0.139381248135705,-0.139737149598729,-0.139912604839843,-0.139972939086074,-0.139877384990536,-0.139805082744063,-0.139759061017731,-0.139697625222881,-0.139648099374187,-0.139489628323096,-0.139110238463698,-0.138228777521511,-0.137857583541824,-0.137598979853489,-0.136931901315918,-0.13668618801318,-0.136522574237384,-0.136455597568822,-0.136150255057233,-0.135869692057119,-0.135594044813573,-0.135364988199971,-0.135264182248907,-0.135332096812983,-0.13537942978969,-0.135495550897682,-0.135930953451802,-0.136707716433853,-0.137223228720877,-0.137711865188074,-0.138398535918847,-0.138387045012409,-0.138382390212501,-0.138382463270683,-0.138385737843622,-0.138364627100931,-0.138394222797694,-0.138411108755534,-0.138437233308592,-0.138489413983481,-0.138541377515274,-0.138764492707366,-0.138871916501968,-0.138926413757535,-0.138932923226227,-0.138922158756224,-0.138866506581606,-0.138825117852714,-0.138530592292179,-0.138516606450055,-0.138302061314228,-0.137851931036043,-0.138171703589366,-0.138519110930354,-0.139046762255499,-0.139509898827732,-0.140405494752076,-0.140671447917503,-0.140884598857362,-0.140996350362542,-0.14117523852996,-0.141390897083819,-0.141576897391942,-0.141822372935828,-0.142024327768883,-0.142665209211279,-0.142792111039875,-0.143111502274547,-0.143512926228988,-0.143746986166281,-0.144003005062212,-0.144480272756119,-0.144505888939803,-0.144696518701063,-0.145005424234608,-0.145285840607153,-0.145294318797906,-0.145598824732928,-0.14577848716981,-0.145851626109895,-0.145882591925995,-0.145996103447251,-0.146053396177895,-0.146272107079773,-0.146474844395183,-0.146813638313732,-0.146918291124724,-0.147039990311314,-0.147440892015381,-0.147599141980721,-0.14766999042894,-0.147896312417742,-0.148188648831691,-0.148655071548329,-0.149227862473595,-0.149341252662643,-0.149548636735602,-0.149793791661289,-0.149923610528023,-0.150135707290301,-0.150284284728096,-0.150428273860037,-0.150547587781318,-0.15077360541155,-0.151000950837866,-0.151161946881068,-0.151327640493158,-0.151909774734159,-0.153295182873667,-0.155364713937201,-0.155759243191587,-0.156170427320984,-0.156841357728466,-0.157545093139999,-0.158187994772622,-0.158791125097147,-0.159289263753565,-0.159592145023198,-0.159678381579814,-0.159700694595222,-0.159699014197283,-0.159882855445242,-0.159918566829479,-0.160022235824973,-0.160019944804672,-0.160043744025649,-0.15991387673416,-0.160037208381347,-0.159965307705257,-0.15997307230713,-0.160083158712924,-0.160361824647139,-0.160361265428697,-0.16099519592065,-0.161181960509984,-0.161555955655827,-0.161599194616421,-0.161671170495535,-0.162719178104546,-0.163543356446854,-0.164139893187577,-0.164552124836984,-0.165093648178874,-0.165052605475168,-0.16488069740619,-0.164833467743318,-0.165072858628127,-0.166181069777441,-0.16652938173363,-0.166736902783587,-0.167032714780981,-0.167138614402154,-0.167563251978441,-0.167596778748361,-0.168425038152169,-0.168448072980775,-0.169189558712457,-0.169630666780133,-0.170633816545397,-0.17101729391959,-0.171068864172494,-0.171374221257586,-0.17158456354694,-0.172100628365195,-0.17223054279909,-0.172416087896237,-0.172839975134664,-0.173347063712362,-0.17359719541811,-0.173722882348717,-0.173771075406798,-0.174630397596768,-0.174606180497181,-0.174692935463203,-0.174823571997585,-0.175143138098504,-0.175586442506008,-0.175828310008758,-0.1765150263262,-0.177470674623817,-0.178000341513642,-0.178798824699208,-0.179073825989989,-0.180824003650698,-0.181939892038868,-0.183232415260877,-0.183945805579307,-0.184092749662233,-0.184347474928952,-0.184552676493016,-0.18456473748947,-0.184540560661142,-0.184523863897195,-0.184296137372592,-0.184197905032012,-0.184154089151462,-0.184248350398868,-0.184256798628705,-0.18433819178595,-0.184407073052232,-0.184393374902737,-0.184379951320198,-0.184419675963704,-0.184580268501119,-0.184736834092788,-0.184912684372076,-0.185288425131817,-0.185430760225636,-0.18576162641869,-0.186424469738152,-0.18657375024652,-0.18728934056314,-0.187301133240841,-0.187419484394074,-0.187453990598933,-0.188243498089568,-0.188332659018694,-0.188358412197421,-0.189254218530158,-0.18924461619795,-0.189088956918854,-0.189119611510457,-0.189796813190377,-0.189957853705527,-0.190224418281575,-0.190342472268046,-0.190408945079303,-0.190449147881699,-0.190473144860041,-0.190542706388736,-0.190667986604897,-0.190844903586018,-0.191062169196931,-0.191144053193562,-0.191159567405222,-0.191168833481667,-0.191176839261804,-0.191185164531795,-0.191183354182501,-0.191145492438381,-0.191132126173533,-0.19111875990248,-0.191103955814718,-0.191074347618658,-0.191059579010116,-0.191046177207008,-0.19103281089745,-0.190951210597782,-0.190866769946205,-0.190780926754434,-0.190779417925692,-0.19063957542993,-0.190373429215824,-0.190266013985427,-0.190184585662025,-0.190068895143049,-0.189886966137529,-0.189760138675801,-0.189643533172326,-0.189442146872972,-0.189350108782791,-0.189267470380858,-0.189215935152206,-0.189547891311205,-0.189728309642727,-0.189935053177359,-0.190271323786114,-0.190535253341024,-0.190667404992243,-0.190646065845111,-0.190530280074051,-0.190465088863047,-0.190461680109301,-0.190420369181559,-0.190313585784432,-0.190292068621343,-0.190210455706756,-0.189963362532542,-0.189941115590655,-0.189886678741991,-0.189802634601723,-0.189759174501374,-0.189945999801584,-0.19007088601829,-0.190063282946301,-0.190036700959779,-0.190030359842697,-0.190026060744335,-0.190039783085047,-0.190078930331022,-0.190092014938845,-0.190393794559876,-0.1925225132604,-0.192864304164488,-0.193416170744627,-0.194458345396505,-0.19454817699178,-0.194610534649988,-0.196452988874281,-0.196705661483956,-0.197170629580896,-0.198517409964959,-0.201605972422474,-0.202733909900188,-0.203000405713254,-0.203681763386592,-0.204255754594381,-0.204285381242103,-0.204557872934365,-0.205439355455684,-0.205889808031532,-0.206682568578134,-0.207289133318302,-0.207476285821847,-0.207876539504476,-0.208042645088993,-0.208317126025256,-0.20868542640525,-0.20912888738175,-0.209938332252755,-0.210387999286957,-0.210997070458147,-0.211683895869717,-0.212119564734948,-0.212229551457238,-0.212545867881214,-0.212779062713697,-0.212969083698439,-0.213151704448254,-0.21324597847812,-0.213781074797159,-0.214249463371049,-0.215108344415922,-0.215551198969986,-0.215707268986995,-0.215734730277203,-0.215920973551429,-0.215950120287915,-0.215990455638825,-0.216033702001042,-0.216076983443138,-0.216123175900613,-0.216169368424697,-0.216176383212553,-0.216238148417786,-0.21653150834728,-0.216885297993785,-0.217134355422567,-0.217331747670597,-0.217394494226774,-0.21745731079921,-0.217521600381402,-0.217585959968398,-0.217650319584253,-0.217714749194908,-0.217780616818306,-0.217846554426972,-0.217912562013192,-0.217978569613589,-0.218044647181222,-0.218069093006011,-0.218135205559783,-0.218201388066889,-0.218267605547387,-0.218333892968222,-0.218401618372328,-0.218466537726651,-0.218532930025951,-0.218597954252597,-0.218815929756103,-0.219158271219289,-0.219598844433089,-0.21970441146297,-0.220438226716745,-0.221130992468925,-0.223239723935903,-0.22427689451127,-0.224507851358219,-0.224798170198788,-0.225130714575872,-0.22550592724577,-0.225893260597383,-0.226982138649379,-0.227638466748739,-0.228809580410419,-0.229291141805464,-0.230098902664299,-0.230463497886138,-0.23090729984406,-0.231074279576481,-0.231323452736753,-0.231656137340715,-0.232210600086257,-0.233167972736865,-0.235159028956506,-0.236076933231897,-0.236899196999039,-0.237613192646629,-0.238478819471094,-0.239201427172269,-0.239814422873449,-0.240507879382365,-0.240711671387132,-0.241195600263304,-0.241717670851746,-0.242260961509502,-0.242767001989164,-0.243235885755999,-0.243729728241266,-0.244100108404933,-0.245016680538701,-0.245968259212372,-0.246407276287918,-0.247456751695841,-0.248235998992505,-0.248774215798102,-0.249689913160668,-0.25027666929051,-0.250648769989878,-0.250792659431678,-0.25091463804416,-0.251084098979243,-0.251065537247352,-0.251036556386915,-0.251039635417233,-0.251026295048623,-0.251037344257458,-0.251093463572339,-0.251214181109201,-0.251254537389131,-0.251299379015378,-0.251411694675382,-0.251474614850555,-0.251615177556386,-0.251670157047472,-0.251785867789072,-0.25198952722555,-0.252099864536896,-0.252609478368862,-0.252726457932758,-0.252843815004341,-0.252935221485619,-0.253024504565483,-0.253110500699725,-0.253256851396984,-0.253321929109266,-0.253399569547878,-0.253456119705922,-0.253449092647981,-0.253451236323361,-0.253473583385406,-0.253512198937161,-0.253556703554318,-0.253610007449281,-0.253738116637043,-0.253814154336307,-0.254034943401868,-0.254090577576609,-0.253273482903965,-0.252043111502103,-0.251151618974599,-0.249062922788719,-0.24793628154058,-0.245945745755057,-0.245026076157786,-0.244454412720561,-0.243774807414453,-0.243203269186391,-0.242729251502426,-0.242455681461838,-0.241963685538341,-0.241659478487056,-0.241629300276254,-0.242046906210449,-0.24256061541588,-0.243029004642084,-0.244244663129499,-0.244500053307515,-0.245047799014334,-0.245524788571522,-0.246009969965182,-0.246684128045195,-0.247076200532549,-0.247245172551122,-0.247286705187071,-0.247326352166795,-0.249285140936609,-0.252448423409467,-0.254988896444754,-0.259113080888369,-0.259080290727771,-0.259018560461488,-0.258954738462791,-0.258731686859389,-0.2585290765187,-0.258525994104693,-0.258340880578701,-0.25815055497255,-0.257702311774841,-0.257317522738801,-0.257246587437958,-0.25715575082662,-0.257153528102124,-0.257049296454716,-0.256984797866029,-0.256867616239681,-0.256825552634227,-0.256809899408928,-0.256808049824148,-0.258043451373944,-0.25802053637831,-0.258021975077938,-0.257905652882113,-0.25753448260018,-0.257519171199052,-0.257089279760676,-0.256601038801992,-0.256020357589563,-0.255536302906849,-0.253931914977305,-0.253554103744435,-0.252915542564481,-0.251828146434312,-0.251066037375099,-0.24944858348429,-0.249046257919987,-0.248641943371561,-0.248137557312544,-0.245048347320034,-0.243976097896884,-0.243014996135636,-0.241502569637108,-0.235574039193845,-0.235233092946074,-0.234896775897649,-0.234563649402307,-0.2333142397631,-0.233340819642826,-0.233407257358879,-0.233479543155605,-0.233568007474942,-0.233580209466072,-0.233649556609787,-0.233647204563629,-0.233649665835274,-0.23356684964512,-0.233414844451212,-0.233277350254628,-0.232830643675882,-0.23332724157847,-0.233392159623594,-0.233415835395262,-0.233447513761887,-0.23339020567389,-0.233226979126454,-0.233100680150545,-0.233014801368324,-0.232969930119326,-0.232950462614879,-0.232891041631496,-0.232895349002447,-0.2329469056857,-0.232948032198802,-0.233025079971979,-0.233009593658468,-0.232986063299889,-0.232949407769827,-0.232748343543538,-0.232740796470878,-0.232730063149232,-0.232695471238853,-0.232615399889741,-0.232108817183654,-0.231722798311351,-0.231492491372775,-0.231107980781797,-0.230968842659799,-0.230803440083932,-0.230745272645873,-0.230678888099044,-0.230382095551373,-0.229986753793482,-0.229687622671626,-0.229582733214464,-0.229455875475899,-0.229291045900623,-0.22922197154346,-0.229080492323997,-0.228766744821562,-0.228529394054334,-0.22839551653279,-0.228357080170875,-0.228124083226375,-0.227802250751847,-0.227072377103923,-0.226783993664805,-0.226342123686131,-0.225739145441287,-0.225572793510482,-0.224337930334984,-0.223728230121592,-0.223636133991769,-0.223566677909432,-0.223508524364632,-0.223461708256548,-0.223420438657906,-0.223380223988225,-0.223351416568084,-0.223338158877314,-0.223333822091861,-0.223339558374668,-0.223385392832387,-0.223442297861195,-0.223534445441536,-0.223541116906346,-0.22354199737702,-0.223527998885541,-0.223425180211038],"lat":[51.4715212021792,51.4714612857135,51.4715632255274,51.4717269283793,51.4709352114725,51.4698853085276,51.4694293844079,51.4688853665909,51.4688263843427,51.4678643340003,51.4675294594942,51.4668871906307,51.4667289986577,51.4665312421013,51.4664555305137,51.4658460516574,51.4656429166419,51.4655613968607,51.4655194408037,51.4655802895275,51.4653177438238,51.4649296894992,51.464469214486,51.4639212425242,51.4638458880691,51.4635961003888,51.463182773795,51.4629990392714,51.4629990172076,51.4628073202296,51.4627574815835,51.4627292994434,51.46271081837,51.4628191200052,51.4628744319891,51.4624073059232,51.4621211759071,51.4619003822087,51.461852817244,51.4616342102452,51.4610395931738,51.4606927114418,51.4606055369588,51.4604480197805,51.4600755661447,51.4599983217115,51.459905518153,51.4598536712678,51.4598411860107,51.4599445371589,51.4599942141888,51.4600667059697,51.4600667281237,51.460202195577,51.4613073600227,51.4614518270637,51.4615551212816,51.4616525802235,51.4617316663265,51.4617813071475,51.4617050309894,51.461622096793,51.4615495357179,51.4613823917878,51.461467658042,51.4618267414043,51.4618687687211,51.4618989356013,51.4619425608996,51.4620068564168,51.4622647945556,51.4623181505036,51.4623924868381,51.4626807216203,51.4628771267681,51.4628917170191,51.4626895011331,51.4627461342667,51.4629516029633,51.4630877839731,51.4631076456936,51.4631749725721,51.463234663378,51.4633010874343,51.4633894106483,51.4634324565636,51.463674417478,51.4637749074836,51.463747146135,51.4640995678674,51.4641904167393,51.4654113236472,51.4656910689695,51.4662622460905,51.4663945147054,51.4664841074364,51.4666373354228,51.4671575869066,51.4672407923796,51.4674137395445,51.467622483903,51.4677768257822,51.4678565699545,51.4684736119228,51.4697650551569,51.4700677964425,51.4700483746648,51.4702540738186,51.470184472479,51.4701915279223,51.4702619213469,51.4703587742817,51.4706934653408,51.470604404279,51.4706106057066,51.4706947924294,51.4707884186981,51.4711438418005,51.4713601636429,51.4723429823061,51.4725566970818,51.4728255046705,51.4727889951809,51.472864422354,51.4728724882404,51.4729395982958,51.4729485852496,51.4730924252494,51.4732007200267,51.4734840814157,51.4736524992581,51.4738680781488,51.4739270340988,51.4741560971526,51.4742809038926,51.4743326926108,51.4748183830959,51.4751279029752,51.4753280245133,51.4752903896128,51.4759997700801,51.4761014824047,51.4761006123726,51.4761514573037,51.4762041891769,51.4762379943471,51.476277987806,51.476353695641,51.4763728592497,51.4764091652037,51.4764443038198,51.4764952383519,51.4768705946296,51.4768983228212,51.4769840478011,51.4773971680207,51.4775154626325,51.4777634883124,51.477910924448,51.4781995502774,51.4784724497379,51.4787184101924,51.478908335064,51.4791719790036,51.4792274534776,51.4794742919629,51.4796351669658,51.4799650043433,51.4800881094236,51.4801381469685,51.4802534340968,51.4803004841023,51.480271974657,51.4803446364079,51.4803942012997,51.4804195680302,51.4804578542667,51.4809124355334,51.4810916934911,51.4810189221464,51.4810180667272,51.4811029024555,51.4813270255257,51.4813998728484,51.4815089049283,51.4815936925796,51.4815220881132,51.4814982267072,51.4814749486378,51.4814663198521,51.4819078441463,51.4824429509328,51.4826626842671,51.4829693251598,51.4831015066617,51.4831712101052,51.4832500425034,51.4834949241352,51.4833954562798,51.4834396898716,51.4835618195052,51.4836243892666,51.4836549499395,51.4836643836483,51.4836601025692,51.4836358005399,51.4836192056168,51.4835976829565,51.4835782984141,51.4832005313367,51.4829613407179,51.482819713891,51.4827809679744,51.4827683805634,51.4827553219595,51.4827257123218,51.4827105340685,51.4827004882183,51.4826995357606,51.4827091989714,51.4827342534394,51.4827399780295,51.4824496677342,51.4824641176298,51.4826752372645,51.4826922730955,51.4827584547443,51.482780647137,51.4828017121496,51.4828146433519,51.4828227838486,51.4829396932593,51.4829505752717,51.4829878581505,51.4829567895583,51.4829543972567,51.4829613182467,51.4832150225573,51.483284288999,51.483361796907,51.483598305262,51.4835523863562,51.4836581199104,51.4836010958134,51.4836600095563,51.4837522745297,51.4836763365439,51.4837292020171,51.4838005365311,51.4840040749579,51.4841105936608,51.4841810464183,51.4842484818147,51.4844482243652,51.484502247644,51.4845200641178,51.4846231907795,51.484687127967,51.4847770601766,51.484820461272,51.4848204383072,51.4849062200969,51.4850252517628,51.4850487577115,51.4849646328526,51.484735781553,51.4847462030356,51.4847223902695,51.4846019032901,51.4845090588933,51.4844659051229,51.4838697497978,51.4836279560563,51.4833545728354,51.4828807634482,51.4824097648112,51.4820227351864,51.4818615530206,51.4816407495308,51.48147029713,51.4813652287741,51.4811823782946,51.4806664586374,51.4806480685198,51.4805964698483,51.4805745768103,51.480569253634,51.4805578463004,51.4804465681056,51.4802408568541,51.4802150248665,51.4802232008734,51.4801991891607,51.4799432628917,51.479759211006,51.4796038664784,51.4794825794014,51.4794180085172,51.4792519523079,51.4791559048763,51.4789276795852,51.4787232367463,51.4786169827365,51.4784691789933,51.4784362032831,51.4784362262108,51.4784326773803,51.4784409672619,51.4783778493797,51.4781467165327,51.4776524187271,51.4770105212182,51.4766966579858,51.4762423387938,51.4759485712626,51.4758585382347,51.4756822838344,51.4756370644433,51.4755519598381,51.4752767542519,51.4751736475882,51.4748956772974,51.4748877037151,51.4749562602447,51.4747047225399,51.4746708366094,51.4746557880718,51.4742873873899,51.4740740205498,51.4739975362445,51.4739658136733,51.4739224483874,51.4738914527356,51.4738806857966,51.4737910989492,51.473770292086,51.4736460690835,51.4734484696174,51.4733054027896,51.4733139029167,51.473329105807,51.4730987408068,51.4729530229722,51.4728720384854,51.4727626728109,51.4727311150603,51.4727144457262,51.472705606314,51.4726993190309,51.4727003581383,51.4727078220162,51.4727153087648,51.4727227726377,51.4727311351827,51.4727394748528,51.4727478145209,51.4727570528616,51.472767167003,51.4728236786356,51.4729324666137,51.4730903246869,51.4725958685407,51.4722930855262,51.4721298014106,51.4719620083984,51.4718963135554,51.4718620264395,51.4719149491591,51.4719970941558,51.4718906604699,51.471858871102,51.4718749479057,51.4718633255806,51.4717924200242,51.4717959609037,51.4717327631732,51.4717216365707,51.4716558440552,51.47151604026,51.4713672136523,51.4713233444947,51.4715925745952,51.4712888626441,51.4709086177792,51.4706783286697,51.4706320672454,51.4700639688947,51.4705194063444,51.4704676732921,51.4693342238085,51.4688637417347,51.4680152209962,51.4676825655692,51.4676149380845,51.4674004025778,51.4672654866954,51.4663263676108,51.4659777511042,51.465884541388,51.4642261313913,51.463956208716,51.4638363661604,51.4630512667326,51.4628596566012,51.4626984655116,51.4624743801249,51.4623644138719,51.4622552781671,51.4618705860711,51.4617067572417,51.461487745348,51.4613245746962,51.4613019486817,51.4612449456535,51.4593619651056,51.459094342527,51.4588763291392,51.4584370966412,51.4579116936398,51.4573656201852,51.457305875415,51.4572032437787,51.4564108599432,51.455957368058,51.4551284207594,51.4549457608176,51.4548734219547,51.4547423402576,51.4538609633168,51.4529722479201,51.4529701323652,51.4529634359405,51.4523395169742,51.4522365497011,51.4520235250046,51.4514792291836,51.4512148352395,51.4511664971551,51.4510952874546,51.4509913951646,51.4509671991546,51.4507529841874,51.4505607705653,51.450338174146,51.4500613632054,51.4499204779466,51.4497928904889,51.4495051701131,51.4493051098527,51.4490316896301,51.4487045297469,51.4485423015284,51.4482378991606,51.4476598422747,51.447327932746,51.4468619031975,51.4463144458458,51.4459919322604,51.4459596024076,51.4458845793221,51.4458695746963,51.4458307720598,51.4453941939943,51.4449171750586,51.4444661150691,51.4440865167669,51.4439130929894,51.4437029023606,51.4434643861824,51.4432465168195,51.4426540076805,51.4423004472909,51.4418386119693,51.4417998034283,51.44177295777,51.441770058346,51.44175108461,51.4417418183878,51.4417030582683,51.441695481668,51.4417223738009,51.4417247727867,51.441804257623,51.4418852730829,51.4419155081129,51.4420103068787,51.4420114182251,51.4420057128362,51.4417832977705,51.4415421795707,51.4411390033521,51.4407304413194,51.4405956477395,51.440252672908,51.4402613323754,51.4402586591892,51.4403402343295,51.4402117155133,51.4401917313293,51.4401497903873,51.4401006599993,51.4400363281984,51.4400100608375,51.4398622657969,51.4397977664805,51.4397710192357,51.4397332518185,51.4396907778392,51.4393970618189,51.4393836044642,51.439087131363,51.4388216855846,51.4385817377412,51.4384201653471,51.4382621796591,51.4380484822979,51.4379248968475,51.4377579502959,51.4377088713204,51.4375943397148,51.4375628545124,51.4373023220141,51.4370209398735,51.4368816125406,51.4362587066309,51.4358780709077,51.4356651148318,51.4354420222166,51.4353153395706,51.4351788343334,51.4348140063573,51.434059017179,51.4337761479896,51.4338026142022,51.4339322979041,51.4339247950402,51.4339149998816,51.4338285051506,51.4328470514101,51.431964010353,51.4312078426559,51.4306502531583,51.4303348067567,51.4302567521039,51.4302602028985,51.4302701435183,51.4303175356987,51.4303901371859,51.4304486899236,51.4304960222205,51.4305554905799,51.4304842663487,51.4304572145471,51.4304554171828,51.4303394643492,51.4299740285207,51.4295644349164,51.4290782021023,51.4287539832496,51.4283195689062,51.4279966596388,51.4268248665218,51.4260927738902,51.4252825040799,51.4247682289893,51.4245729179728,51.4238184517378,51.4236334455354,51.4226692541406,51.4226240688383,51.4220280464566,51.4211063443373,51.4208470411073,51.4205800825663,51.4201954838109,51.4198764040928,51.4192494429033,51.4191106795604,51.4189971566788,51.4189368801419,51.4188524889563,51.4187479975711,51.418665517094,51.4185704903643,51.4184846650865,51.4182502237195,51.4182063723288,51.4180972267404,51.4179866819756,51.4179247431638,51.4178532597434,51.4177520061267,51.4177587065332,51.4178102846836,51.4178889140102,51.4180318386202,51.4180355698444,51.4181518970189,51.4182257814348,51.4182665061412,51.4182831827726,51.4183569195622,51.4183982927246,51.4185735115339,51.418717003089,51.4189103066712,51.4189542267875,51.4189678413793,51.4189768768885,51.4189757811796,51.4190020803211,51.4191315539177,51.4193358096964,51.419574289004,51.4198144461885,51.4198558042977,51.4199202286884,51.4199753571047,51.4200016865355,51.4200562923823,51.4200811189658,51.4200770965531,51.4200430089248,51.4199665409767,51.419892791331,51.4198593606691,51.4198520824932,51.4200393173566,51.420458629017,51.4211054156362,51.421237521107,51.4213132337698,51.4215108333921,51.4217512101275,51.422002317006,51.4222411051255,51.4224440692917,51.4225666289491,51.4224250005601,51.4224424368773,51.422591687825,51.4226341418061,51.4222821921557,51.4223152938471,51.4222648992621,51.4222095187017,51.422184099066,51.4219783060057,51.4219421060321,51.4219278397557,51.4218369441199,51.4219177556513,51.4218242237236,51.4209376090716,51.4206204024796,51.4199383348661,51.4198643744381,51.4198628056412,51.4199107134213,51.4199452129027,51.4199896298836,51.4200392509662,51.4200926933844,51.4201837754091,51.4201666956483,51.4203404127147,51.4203963180362,51.420521574442,51.4205513038996,51.4205770316354,51.4206248228475,51.4206021989773,51.420701462741,51.420726266955,51.4209109722546,51.4209823737919,51.421215176873,51.4213704444843,51.4217143364207,51.4218722962381,51.4219135676875,51.4220828968742,51.4222183696696,51.4225141824309,51.4225746603711,51.4226467967541,51.4228377539578,51.4230704730174,51.4231822822345,51.4230241725809,51.4230420094442,51.4233512522037,51.4233814498538,51.4234061817204,51.4234486828039,51.4235507788203,51.42368807272,51.4237547855177,51.4239201440584,51.4241229532843,51.4242229127303,51.424327047077,51.4243564991031,51.424546442814,51.4247355157295,51.425548703343,51.4262036277109,51.4263794611736,51.426957133795,51.4276230652147,51.428589054586,51.4291264360419,51.4294750892757,51.4305021106396,51.4309115494352,51.4312184165914,51.431272033752,51.4312766609096,51.4313282801413,51.4313689144252,51.4314604264642,51.4316175885177,51.4317405027981,51.4319354311926,51.4321231029335,51.4322598154406,51.4325075333833,51.4326913868077,51.4331641219059,51.4329558601218,51.4329644645364,51.4329863243469,51.4329064728879,51.4320971736746,51.4320977072706,51.4321054169715,51.4320699255694,51.4321098908982,51.4318305753605,51.4318187366864,51.4316077043923,51.4315964876585,51.431351559268,51.4315356960225,51.4317799135478,51.4318869492355,51.431988692198,51.4320999213841,51.4322207921909,51.43239002697,51.4325691143563,51.432788565873,51.4330428115327,51.4332643929338,51.4333086958944,51.4333654920176,51.4334177724109,51.433461964429,51.4335077985498,51.4336286138389,51.4336391986432,51.433649783446,51.4336603460585,51.4336814712776,51.4336911351761,51.4337026186783,51.4337132034708,51.4337757912933,51.4338374359648,51.433898159672,51.4338999348953,51.4340893178738,51.4345986844664,51.4348047542261,51.4350085273578,51.435278316333,51.4358042695042,51.4361737035769,51.4365756685826,51.4373387240123,51.4376286611945,51.4381174789883,51.43854742631,51.4385579493555,51.4386164896057,51.4387734549241,51.4388568822173,51.4389140127204,51.438919649621,51.4389498949234,51.4391126713785,51.4393059041844,51.4393193403928,51.4393088108588,51.4392801846934,51.4393149234601,51.4394503502594,51.4397315990195,51.4398211810259,51.4400334639307,51.4400483526976,51.440055774851,51.4404255559659,51.4407970781752,51.4409894013776,51.4411886255737,51.4413126248641,51.4414213683458,51.4414746362724,51.4414671474186,51.4414637524246,51.4414009673656,51.4410956900078,51.4410398103335,51.4409476002498,51.4407550301262,51.4407393279059,51.440836508566,51.4404548104687,51.4403597797623,51.4402815025526,51.4400261367375,51.4394584718271,51.4392419650449,51.4391974910154,51.4390676506436,51.4389604414498,51.4390121527739,51.4389614722902,51.4387915226478,51.4387156865242,51.4386432875128,51.4385122819988,51.4384728791439,51.4384295401471,51.4384131952054,51.4383850177624,51.4383492808896,51.4383047993864,51.4382101519725,51.4381540701957,51.4380689457486,51.437945437253,51.4378792435122,51.4378629359496,51.4378317896579,51.4378290505661,51.4378265520834,51.4378293360054,51.4378469595878,51.4378506184099,51.4378307772499,51.4377961980056,51.4377669703153,51.4377495625082,51.4377463835013,51.4379146807472,51.4379421019334,51.4379777866692,51.4380126164401,51.4380465474757,51.4380796235423,51.4381126995912,51.4381173026031,51.4381569103711,51.438345720875,51.4384976812642,51.438568014231,51.4385979938575,51.4386124368593,51.4386250823872,51.4386368510274,51.4386468221918,51.4386567933211,51.4386649669743,51.4386731624553,51.4386795604583,51.4386841609833,51.4386887614711,51.4386915644806,51.4386919360942,51.438693840332,51.4386939470911,51.4386931550921,51.438690565614,51.4386879979538,51.4386835891034,51.4386783033498,51.4386711982636,51.4386529285576,51.4386185628503,51.4385371285465,51.4385234446025,51.4384491581481,51.4385055349795,51.4387434452755,51.4388607767861,51.4385819101612,51.4386645419951,51.4387343236782,51.4387427019707,51.4386982066638,51.4385950809105,51.4385150811139,51.4384059877608,51.4383431214491,51.4382537050356,51.438201657334,51.4381849754462,51.4381829991078,51.4381390986723,51.4380191219648,51.4378566273175,51.4375437340129,51.43691547604,51.4366550206946,51.4364120039846,51.4361781448032,51.4359294742763,51.4356957349004,51.4355062069739,51.4352819136096,51.4352202263728,51.4350943993756,51.4349493590144,51.4348136270487,51.4346737371641,51.4345647620018,51.4344426701756,51.4343510999222,51.4340851595307,51.4338440156026,51.4337255883971,51.4334822999499,51.4332700347801,51.4331530812071,51.4329086734066,51.4327636617632,51.4326640033621,51.4326256844421,51.4325960308979,51.4325661864372,51.432637849463,51.4328316549777,51.4332030910096,51.4334393946005,51.4335267866679,51.4337902048461,51.4340950529665,51.4341684942388,51.4342375061621,51.4343479908377,51.4343956903859,51.4344823164768,51.4345119124905,51.434571190221,51.4346632531109,51.4347125586534,51.4349683493536,51.4350321412981,51.4350860470097,51.4351413643309,51.4352146349151,51.4352986474336,51.4354599954375,51.4355643788051,51.4357166095167,51.4358937049056,51.436077946238,51.4363612415844,51.4365675025368,51.4366490102754,51.4367270087436,51.4368006420428,51.4369500273713,51.4370311932275,51.4372404099467,51.4372906972564,51.4376265338274,51.4381216647019,51.4384833546584,51.4393361365531,51.4397878115491,51.4405916474787,51.4409726530675,51.4412086890838,51.4414826722056,51.4417151070471,51.4419184265693,51.4422227677999,51.4427441489427,51.4430965883233,51.4431330048795,51.4436122731486,51.4441748122881,51.4447186848525,51.4460776779953,51.4463602697295,51.4468999266181,51.4473710783049,51.4478540407513,51.4485133824218,51.44891041838,51.4490829026469,51.4491257882413,51.4491803358498,51.4501187432523,51.4516658834049,51.4529060175436,51.4549321834559,51.4552644174444,51.4556384862018,51.4559918412,51.4564822144134,51.456927029304,51.4569323789912,51.4573333904131,51.4576821678667,51.4583400498434,51.4588055355567,51.458967244564,51.4591601312763,51.4593318540848,51.4594984634762,51.4596045148014,51.4597331632072,51.4597792985664,51.4598501062076,51.4598608696507,51.4602686043611,51.4603033344555,51.4603033558313,51.4604850734814,51.4610083138734,51.4610323659326,51.4616608431035,51.4623846702857,51.463040576353,51.4634650128488,51.4646515146128,51.4648940791931,51.4652163872739,51.4652280558532,51.465204100908,51.4650720535668,51.4650516581032,51.4650456194725,51.4650587669146,51.4652382794111,51.4652303184444,51.4651772524978,51.4650475684045,51.4644126586005,51.4643688596472,51.4643170361662,51.464257166534,51.4639910539573,51.464272019577,51.4644528700585,51.4649296608853,51.4653230654006,51.4653799017916,51.4657091716637,51.466031066613,51.4660418946545,51.4661359671622,51.4662694632679,51.4663627117255,51.4666338471012,51.4675684541472,51.4677142110016,51.4678467569788,51.4681448848931,51.4683985082257,51.4688222916428,51.4691845832948,51.4696931618629,51.4700719676212,51.4703522390981,51.4707721908509,51.4712569494916,51.4716740774616,51.4716821876538,51.4720358532403,51.4721012648301,51.4721512680109,51.4722055696181,51.4724156606735,51.4724991768074,51.472516100709,51.4725542469112,51.4726141887484,51.4727935950825,51.4727967667569,51.4728319609321,51.4728333548398,51.4728195655312,51.4727775031355,51.4727550435511,51.4727216689901,51.4725400386182,51.4723749047919,51.4722166177287,51.4721736687132,51.4721402795923,51.4721207048506,51.4721196617034,51.4721292151897,51.4721253753925,51.471970716312,51.4719327237465,51.4719213520393,51.471877365241,51.4717106370252,51.4714469148988,51.4713832037424,51.4713045807587,51.4711848507101,51.4710933079101,51.4708569959439,51.4707623326044,51.4707609373898,51.4707697768339,51.4707841829663,51.4708032570853,51.4708278107092,51.4708622720234,51.470899603913,51.4709443653916,51.4710189372031,51.4710936616455,51.4712481274199,51.4713029444661,51.4713771796306,51.4713907694161,51.4714051707111,51.4714319360398,51.4715212021792]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.244562394525054,-0.244599320172113,-0.244844556993495,-0.245004706957631,-0.245283551174249,-0.245434317047997,-0.245329344589783,-0.24551515163453,-0.245577086880902,-0.245607040187852,-0.245609220137082,-0.245578976104535,-0.245466992646855,-0.245464517860844,-0.24542475783049,-0.245358808258378,-0.245285675777181,-0.24504492678347,-0.244973820562021,-0.244887748292518,-0.244840800740008,-0.24482189490852,-0.2447158229274,-0.244621356052257,-0.244556827507824,-0.244776670495564,-0.244771453453947,-0.244727310425948,-0.244709404830595,-0.244652229769563,-0.244640462909713,-0.244763480396168,-0.244638417252131,-0.244545102381268,-0.244420592949063,-0.244559708256374,-0.244595912291178,-0.245004511458192,-0.24513164422449,-0.245292566355505,-0.245372899178943,-0.246005375524221,-0.246355362270452,-0.246905748151743,-0.247253988462307,-0.247496350307261,-0.247767447302033,-0.247979845785135,-0.24858278277138,-0.248890587028638,-0.249234592733949,-0.249246897069326,-0.249394171043947,-0.250015417310079,-0.250735588193815,-0.251025894293462,-0.251128222137811,-0.250992657651919,-0.25127158636315,-0.2513207754035,-0.251348099849478,-0.251363320020469,-0.251646229640746,-0.25184351532412,-0.252142481576564,-0.252366275288255,-0.252839275573415,-0.252762093597656,-0.253023194689765,-0.253083914815465,-0.253144868826358,-0.253114687674095,-0.253110264592396,-0.253080743001875,-0.253075938499289,-0.25307333004509,-0.25311035088739,-0.253183142627614,-0.253258987305624,-0.253243377793592,-0.253325346629864,-0.25335598690028,-0.253365857799825,-0.253407546993714,-0.253492365640373,-0.253666120751196,-0.253923531627042,-0.254175285061423,-0.254372217898176,-0.254425392650876,-0.254479803879035,-0.254502123824569,-0.254511963927278,-0.254562501533756,-0.255072305081513,-0.255067881842855,-0.255090373884579,-0.254868045882763,-0.254568042559866,-0.254558305413356,-0.254539756100215,-0.254307488997205,-0.253659207082728,-0.253684163589159,-0.253764450304664,-0.253712332228431,-0.252794262611858,-0.25259151514012,-0.252543717018517,-0.252527242264868,-0.252515381661655,-0.251246439352748,-0.251046473256993,-0.250838152613411,-0.250334650055854,-0.250027809007362,-0.249928994172562,-0.249891602651306,-0.249875376848276,-0.249868996703081,-0.249676782517271,-0.249487448702362,-0.249440457551052,-0.24943109373773,-0.249348188497358,-0.249280406029551,-0.24903980217263,-0.248080849107024,-0.248034183965734,-0.248011192399308,-0.246645032038061,-0.24628458832787,-0.245702706526587,-0.245715899364,-0.24571154458975,-0.24602277191114,-0.246229150076639,-0.246281243279912,-0.246380187420774,-0.246435463135824,-0.24647668277433,-0.246511098092239,-0.246517211459951,-0.246513770215146,-0.245176273651589,-0.245086811603223,-0.245356445068534,-0.245466599367844,-0.245746582357116,-0.245779806939912,-0.245775823973405,-0.245850407232831,-0.245951226269274,-0.246053973386426,-0.24621675177377,-0.246230291619569,-0.24643976234593,-0.246447644853864,-0.24665028167628,-0.247208584852578,-0.247721363459645,-0.248401810341311,-0.248813460360818,-0.248996318319941,-0.249051893374373,-0.249070542479002,-0.24909190008604,-0.249132816635406,-0.249284038419299,-0.249361235452203,-0.249439929147136,-0.249752191367409,-0.250226572055469,-0.250604863702891,-0.250704794516096,-0.250713535397642,-0.250720835744296,-0.250728136101554,-0.250732555369497,-0.250735499658461,-0.250737037833223,-0.250736934531,-0.250736997719915,-0.250735654787873,-0.250732836863194,-0.250727172254257,-0.250721507635991,-0.250713065194904,-0.25070331992161,-0.250692134075013,-0.250679542088001,-0.250666915649485,-0.25065144250433,-0.250637409904213,-0.250628112222328,-0.250598709693493,-0.250567900965658,-0.25053421102778,-0.250499080441353,-0.250485392066104,-0.250305077651119,-0.250589175341629,-0.250691904702017,-0.251923483032,-0.252018637736867,-0.252093019474351,-0.252255220266168,-0.252452516700966,-0.252641202285754,-0.252660594468171,-0.252639134608468,-0.252529260877861,-0.252392820564475,-0.252303584391726,-0.251134966394311,-0.250667991457703,-0.25036494664748,-0.250295362523473,-0.25029501799867,-0.250294758215163,-0.250295676023826,-0.250621129544056,-0.250560505778765,-0.250236800342279,-0.250066102393603,-0.250135772842784,-0.25046851820038,-0.250392417153112,-0.249644603297306,-0.249568741084899,-0.249434857985348,-0.249342925460516,-0.249325945367021,-0.248854516826423,-0.248477230004065,-0.248508162827453,-0.247725957460845,-0.246955728808846,-0.246634955717952,-0.246329729637181,-0.246048869479986,-0.246006806506412,-0.245922749610662,-0.245840168138947,-0.245550750681565,-0.245406486036937,-0.24526907319431,-0.245340220957068,-0.246286728371059,-0.246372537872892,-0.246994553483826,-0.246944654718952,-0.246938683792923,-0.246582745699876,-0.246435469374151,-0.246371174883184,-0.24631140053296,-0.246214011225903,-0.246037921512863,-0.244757884720161,-0.244504437385978,-0.243934178505555,-0.243649413842306,-0.243513665891102,-0.243428996317394,-0.243230250342031,-0.24210321491244,-0.241101872723953,-0.240935471656608,-0.240499530679852,-0.240129436347384,-0.23949146478875,-0.239252094835645,-0.238569226713508,-0.237350121473597,-0.236799819777431,-0.236485762083832,-0.235452872846361,-0.23538750860816,-0.235104297929368,-0.235088343134675,-0.234628794138668,-0.234423880320177,-0.23421838388005,-0.234188645420058,-0.233860032960838,-0.233253089486244,-0.232949154571273,-0.232354928363234,-0.231614106594473,-0.231394108866028,-0.23109812717038,-0.230742430263379,-0.230469634713913,-0.2300772560577,-0.229918885131167,-0.229428517109283,-0.229198137884288,-0.228811992964182,-0.2287163820221,-0.228503133845418,-0.228727736883045,-0.228365715692301,-0.228324897504622,-0.228269915210838,-0.228207589317707,-0.228019321662021,-0.227826792586197,-0.227740068544771,-0.22758837354478,-0.227507857825671,-0.227457923542368,-0.227412162581181,-0.227377709176939,-0.227355061621034,-0.227347659812505,-0.227350562640496,-0.227414195723221,-0.22741689294067,-0.227392007892025,-0.227375003814033,-0.227298787993804,-0.227271445308323,-0.227195200341853,-0.226619904418706,-0.226733526512725,-0.226729425739927,-0.226820454554121,-0.228070953387758,-0.228077162486972,-0.228301584422097,-0.226722789415285,-0.226768458702075,-0.226701127616814,-0.226625886495167,-0.226563156635885,-0.226528714071974,-0.226484162042741,-0.226472672629347,-0.226426810604511,-0.226369686901501,-0.225894806936765,-0.225677559266973,-0.225299074589942,-0.225077188216975,-0.224917540572112,-0.224747461150394,-0.224464288172443,-0.224277205852929,-0.224299896491486,-0.224315070170865,-0.223668166055854,-0.222927844888432,-0.222751236352168,-0.222604056713716,-0.222402234233289,-0.222277029878832,-0.222032251472028,-0.221757252879562,-0.221480113547305,-0.221478918210335,-0.221463308851173,-0.22149718611154,-0.221359907007877,-0.221131687685811,-0.2205380573209,-0.220435988082761,-0.220345962877528,-0.220333910833618,-0.22026897968613,-0.220139363489357,-0.220040387872764,-0.219937127150377,-0.219882139602648,-0.219834423694162,-0.219789588527418,-0.219768471149151,-0.219570826371373,-0.219518402069586,-0.219300798800552,-0.219286533196688,-0.218844567065654,-0.217888690136023,-0.218053329699148,-0.217840877864895,-0.217793139485831,-0.217647008735966,-0.21760050011064,-0.217555326479745,-0.217511557989651,-0.217489673734852,-0.217246206341242,-0.217209744146115,-0.216994995526059,-0.216960252749917,-0.216963270251018,-0.216993513466116,-0.217010092830102,-0.216984307328735,-0.216913062881079,-0.216859664502065,-0.216815363850062,-0.216841809405103,-0.216613021640298,-0.216511079900056,-0.216462181739443,-0.216430775462868,-0.21609201252124,-0.216086215626471,-0.215817108111949,-0.215611887457056,-0.215393008852008,-0.215202938433216,-0.215397394315217,-0.215862105978483,-0.215882408548981,-0.216086980557,-0.216144586703762,-0.216155298519084,-0.21616959259841,-0.216189292960502,-0.216227430802089,-0.216056923243772,-0.21596345095575,-0.216243253954332,-0.216319404691149,-0.216322284925979,-0.216363488070688,-0.216388217020718,-0.217180977271116,-0.217990768220564,-0.217748347453506,-0.217588445618971,-0.217573446286486,-0.217636387141352,-0.217598414254117,-0.217418598908043,-0.217040565650993,-0.217008882540175,-0.216582148736682,-0.216409721728814,-0.216375580687913,-0.216342179208344,-0.216236039111496,-0.216019112329823,-0.215375939353821,-0.214966555472043,-0.215075186373401,-0.214718491010783,-0.214369671329203,-0.214133102245247,-0.213062662539836,-0.212592458409812,-0.211943332096072,-0.211678613630008,-0.211507906061807,-0.210825117913299,-0.210270104137537,-0.210051793000912,-0.209922221933528,-0.209587096245981,-0.208967478642069,-0.208209520972362,-0.208001442231423,-0.20738852918937,-0.207317785538581,-0.207308694307668,-0.207298163303027,-0.207281837919211,-0.207264037510546,-0.207248834598561,-0.207225204577821,-0.207198624496844,-0.207169094356588,-0.207136614157336,-0.207135597529847,-0.207103575784085,-0.206840057095897,-0.206719270014038,-0.206590896517518,-0.206327544980217,-0.206009208581044,-0.205616959971942,-0.2051915371277,-0.204783854041628,-0.204865405109336,-0.204385818448325,-0.204036969121935,-0.203787693676196,-0.203638369645479,-0.20344836354293,-0.203189580207646,-0.203027937570033,-0.20313142816292,-0.203094111305379,-0.203002766938825,-0.202780413813434,-0.20256979252703,-0.202425555501858,-0.202247545462532,-0.20186438880457,-0.201835358462155,-0.202308238900199,-0.202387075562236,-0.201774496576937,-0.200935695760961,-0.200934291537185,-0.200623285182677,-0.200374824690992,-0.199580953709077,-0.199374554403709,-0.198950762812088,-0.199025844298593,-0.198298986428992,-0.198222044334158,-0.198066473187583,-0.197902053063379,-0.197727415325437,-0.197543928635016,-0.197099720482075,-0.196448207380711,-0.195987919658517,-0.195324355913779,-0.195115640812524,-0.194912862135314,-0.194717459372576,-0.194680920311796,-0.194494404127428,-0.194316703318757,-0.194143392944143,-0.194005075876118,-0.193621050694398,-0.193251780272023,-0.193190576249717,-0.192953314067629,-0.192724832922275,-0.192575380432471,-0.192029931734661,-0.19182106076753,-0.191775657457326,-0.191733026248532,-0.191707987711064,-0.191391539377364,-0.191213504056228,-0.191026691753717,-0.190864366965506,-0.190794817159049,-0.190658561265531,-0.190445347000209,-0.190221916641018,-0.190156224037511,-0.189519654494324,-0.189041343427686,-0.188353225932725,-0.188281089174773,-0.188195022714351,-0.187589566070851,-0.187403379772714,-0.187224533458732,-0.187217550915632,-0.187046080237996,-0.186881949491882,-0.186880581512771,-0.186729882007114,-0.186549979478732,-0.186364333396036,-0.186236949048999,-0.18616679181048,-0.186042416725161,-0.185770473351311,-0.185685164041403,-0.185632434953115,-0.185374787072255,-0.184669046393364,-0.184576985109622,-0.1843394828217,-0.184033354486064,-0.183880909825793,-0.183890580095698,-0.183930437407759,-0.183960981410607,-0.184024448033593,-0.184126011424206,-0.184084002448833,-0.184174551889495,-0.184108469603037,-0.184019312311738,-0.183972711988975,-0.183312511374606,-0.183044886078751,-0.182988829840454,-0.182901147569985,-0.182818068563204,-0.182688175665803,-0.18262650571632,-0.182494173628563,-0.182424950634428,-0.182211177666197,-0.180748640891739,-0.1806599566389,-0.180532342766469,-0.180402136520918,-0.180291033057729,-0.180000067073506,-0.179895078049359,-0.179744464440219,-0.179461473895254,-0.179436141139776,-0.179424118883787,-0.179807780461627,-0.179861015052596,-0.179927424080957,-0.180158150164809,-0.180202907088918,-0.180288573163552,-0.180355192015845,-0.180295242273053,-0.180265155891069,-0.18024898698503,-0.180563936438062,-0.180672679955841,-0.180823833170808,-0.18117377204016,-0.181675649184227,-0.182325730608322,-0.182842000085317,-0.183415557214096,-0.183580500022752,-0.183637451108001,-0.183719184372487,-0.183812428410837,-0.184493534158898,-0.184819097393861,-0.185367379492398,-0.185907009725315,-0.186381234866558,-0.18703528737866,-0.188508169450471,-0.188795744635679,-0.18899679190107,-0.189214997666091,-0.190247454167504,-0.190434003088665,-0.190521148890987,-0.190703575428641,-0.190853601737029,-0.193426628990155,-0.19370951953134,-0.193852066413916,-0.194307115078057,-0.195413780410738,-0.197172529023138,-0.197268941562482,-0.197399142516845,-0.197471578649145,-0.197481109979751,-0.197517646699898,-0.197550105647911,-0.198108219072257,-0.19840936589168,-0.19861154126062,-0.198787464216734,-0.198962997897548,-0.199131125314994,-0.199222996317955,-0.199437649181895,-0.199735457331993,-0.19988098853054,-0.200050731806315,-0.200175624717476,-0.200274513153675,-0.200972690602901,-0.201485734215076,-0.201739934485942,-0.201849107501459,-0.201922910805554,-0.201924349616768,-0.202391141866249,-0.203480054274932,-0.204148413561347,-0.204712651905212,-0.205546324641078,-0.205743715007427,-0.205915876476656,-0.206089618174454,-0.206242270906577,-0.20766115339492,-0.208799583616872,-0.208792909051462,-0.209351390513656,-0.20943404662915,-0.210445172272519,-0.210741083883564,-0.210588692680726,-0.210686672383037,-0.210460434243595,-0.210554378958841,-0.210564310593277,-0.21093650915194,-0.210815155205946,-0.211006709827209,-0.21271223000199,-0.21424793212987,-0.215493634956408,-0.215871801867131,-0.21623888234265,-0.216687815623711,-0.216923709552856,-0.217155007895868,-0.217823192332962,-0.217922243765642,-0.218960164018384,-0.218890500147677,-0.219014298961698,-0.219104183240448,-0.220278452549659,-0.221948383194271,-0.221904301670318,-0.222238763163273,-0.222337977135155,-0.222671111017894,-0.222788079388947,-0.222727258280535,-0.22286992927564,-0.223359381326742,-0.223375960649395,-0.223420605536233,-0.223549525920173,-0.22363599774768,-0.223702391623162,-0.223834187237167,-0.224063277367887,-0.224051526148347,-0.224034890325853,-0.224011127567255,-0.223971531939448,-0.223900270569021,-0.223685543297511,-0.22376375310593,-0.223892736601768,-0.224078772601687,-0.224088010287568,-0.224320953136397,-0.22433953368227,-0.224382842411845,-0.224466787497297,-0.22502104366422,-0.225628056008595,-0.226781103848992,-0.226727573355008,-0.227166582264118,-0.227198495685072,-0.22738063527844,-0.227455664872556,-0.22762139255938,-0.228600955427594,-0.228635945884376,-0.228658758138213,-0.2286593384716,-0.228630430454398,-0.228690300442841,-0.228820024622525,-0.229186455260918,-0.229333514519904,-0.230711940381685,-0.23085721351408,-0.231039220748838,-0.233138021538308,-0.233240011269784,-0.234152155997532,-0.234396997142455,-0.234409953807082,-0.23501664606706,-0.235056884846441,-0.235278050668861,-0.235376310344294,-0.235425604731527,-0.235474309226041,-0.235511149721992,-0.235645607542012,-0.23598310554346,-0.236053179051512,-0.236105421959156,-0.236157526103973,-0.23620935276195,-0.236282496403399,-0.236480524226529,-0.23748075419545,-0.238258724819408,-0.23826786301098,-0.239141504865721,-0.239735525281617,-0.239797172738399,-0.240558741380663,-0.240597015415333,-0.240837307247833,-0.240914216619794,-0.241212175203326,-0.241510236637256,-0.242075376584754,-0.24308987755215,-0.243245296413374,-0.243301728427659,-0.243407970212202,-0.243643958942519,-0.243632280442898,-0.244562394525054],"lat":[51.48870217634,51.4887908548443,51.4890813838325,51.489037020032,51.4892776934373,51.489477782548,51.4895481513295,51.4898485805091,51.4899987813079,51.4901565968009,51.4902123824288,51.4908126237272,51.4916283594098,51.4916552996444,51.4920530689795,51.4927202190023,51.4930491465394,51.4942541250319,51.4946802007398,51.495045803223,51.495367928339,51.4955600830821,51.4955836743143,51.4957926829082,51.4960848697699,51.4960998503754,51.4961231525726,51.4963347128792,51.4965008045498,51.4966015630788,51.4967578549597,51.4973433037742,51.4975986149705,51.4975900243217,51.4979433608692,51.497959831094,51.4979549775443,51.497894548785,51.4981104705547,51.4983844491541,51.4983559760891,51.4981307349837,51.4980208659008,51.4978321605931,51.4976925877888,51.4976089832828,51.4974898379693,51.4973985908662,51.4971540106132,51.4970542949559,51.4969497234813,51.4969669927392,51.4971841097309,51.4979658290921,51.4990241880434,51.4993441510196,51.4994185154229,51.4994596573684,51.4997758530578,51.49984582798,51.4998471346275,51.4998635478813,51.5001887943873,51.500379676398,51.500661997455,51.5008379865152,51.5011660624124,51.5012251616796,51.5014053021866,51.5013999119423,51.5014637666151,51.5015748228172,51.5015774546565,51.5015958989752,51.5016461848405,51.5016767201403,51.501763598575,51.502120781689,51.5024735140016,51.5025802910413,51.5026975137152,51.5028382514029,51.5028815619035,51.5029217492847,51.5030021454478,51.5031306262727,51.5033322914427,51.5035689421525,51.5037697060499,51.5038487312912,51.5038954022932,51.5039146184968,51.5039210596166,51.5039559828191,51.504302581765,51.5043052136755,51.5043199361278,51.5044443202217,51.5041880690148,51.5041789317147,51.5041741594668,51.5042192615327,51.5042914414332,51.5043547597772,51.5045537878192,51.5045602057525,51.5046787210908,51.5047053754974,51.5047118572743,51.5045398570847,51.5045109047081,51.5046484591094,51.5046400819751,51.5045488498588,51.504452314986,51.5044504348602,51.5044345726081,51.5045455203933,51.50459293798,51.504609029091,51.5045863774552,51.5045637684931,51.5046619835057,51.5046807277798,51.5046633040207,51.50443928079,51.5044761548509,51.5046084108146,51.5044350596952,51.5043582808593,51.5045132172818,51.5045563872624,51.5046250198793,51.5046566906153,51.5046575247195,51.505370780627,51.5058126958599,51.5059195850998,51.5061197965229,51.5062564081836,51.5063838172687,51.5065758698745,51.506679373847,51.5067314783066,51.5067384519138,51.5067416095751,51.5075999214916,51.5078083944971,51.5084726243642,51.5086205965814,51.5089118906315,51.5091836771949,51.5094477628919,51.5099618658676,51.5102637466105,51.5102864300455,51.5107985313365,51.5108184324457,51.5112459026448,51.5119439634761,51.5124767806787,51.513222521358,51.5136872796411,51.5138797488615,51.5139714015735,51.5140112464543,51.514055627955,51.5142288925088,51.5147203353877,51.5149247154437,51.5152028553141,51.5158171986854,51.5173538800469,51.5185402217133,51.5190920454629,51.5191272460815,51.5191624252166,51.5191976043512,51.5192327405201,51.5192687539303,51.5193038471336,51.5193065433057,51.5193425137503,51.5193775639881,51.519413491467,51.5194484772562,51.5194834630449,51.5195157096952,51.5195443399656,51.5195729487517,51.5196006373292,51.519629224629,51.5196568702359,51.5196845373244,51.5197014841757,51.5197541006879,51.5198057969831,51.5198574502987,51.5199090821178,51.5199277619469,51.5201570757329,51.5204166965063,51.5206322470503,51.5222350628573,51.5227616352293,51.5231907803587,51.5235852644024,51.5239667824743,51.5243850406102,51.5245939523689,51.5247779762114,51.5250874753568,51.5252248244315,51.5253341010651,51.5265252584276,51.5268986726827,51.5270946829173,51.5271799717588,51.5271889589851,51.5273085535641,51.5273598237332,51.5277828225146,51.5278223840743,51.5280306751782,51.5281962861442,51.5282216048043,51.5283416700631,51.5284088770357,51.5290748463253,51.5291357616784,51.5292434706985,51.5291971369732,51.5291887904444,51.5294892929458,51.5297408419773,51.5297988549479,51.5303078315265,51.5307297559902,51.5308607467496,51.5309622942491,51.5310300342799,51.5310365992686,51.5310479317607,51.5310583870183,51.5310486635676,51.5310510021081,51.5312126078196,51.5312370521679,51.5315560466587,51.5315366469738,51.5317833418596,51.5318437442688,51.5318490504592,51.5322196116705,51.5324503124772,51.5325851360616,51.5327523996826,51.5326978888524,51.5326278135236,51.5321707403672,51.5320878151698,51.5319201153815,51.5318268279143,51.5317951206577,51.5317848605197,51.5317791867118,51.5318054670424,51.5318623967593,51.5318778864646,51.5319288999707,51.5319548218169,51.5319731257949,51.5319740294865,51.5319601812835,51.5320183052791,51.532155711944,51.5322238294447,51.5324250139795,51.532437519346,51.5324908101279,51.5324932678077,51.5325951609081,51.5326370389551,51.5325449214904,51.5325309853003,51.5323416947776,51.5320052331062,51.5318118154335,51.5315196032223,51.5311784178218,51.5310887744329,51.5309880932823,51.530865828297,51.5308365350427,51.5307308002251,51.530687944966,51.530543860594,51.5304990182619,51.5304185519455,51.5304674656842,51.530352740047,51.5298777367233,51.5292131280763,51.5291504641541,51.5290812916237,51.529015605105,51.5288517976861,51.5286492583101,51.5285436364399,51.5283291242113,51.5281750370624,51.5280501875923,51.5278921293199,51.5277027685304,51.527506392213,51.5272886645324,51.5271025659256,51.5262807237463,51.5262483918953,51.5259611585723,51.5258422020503,51.5253176930807,51.5251680061563,51.5247927703447,51.5247957646602,51.5223533491727,51.5219765057186,51.5219338190358,51.5213574187822,51.5211974479015,51.5210974251924,51.5197723682849,51.5197469807206,51.5196992023609,51.5196324203319,51.5195775175323,51.5195365309856,51.5195331596643,51.5195320867082,51.5194882297506,51.5195116455052,51.5190836196373,51.5188878962018,51.5185017917226,51.5182772212487,51.5181201360194,51.5179718850879,51.5176555625344,51.517499859591,51.5174723266341,51.5174527730448,51.5167424695921,51.5159147450171,51.5157124376722,51.5156427644395,51.5152737148511,51.5150838758997,51.5147447487663,51.5143305258961,51.513897385795,51.5138910729796,51.5138108037998,51.5136440585591,51.5134684233105,51.5131115603956,51.5122203996726,51.512065979995,51.5118613854184,51.5118378222633,51.5117289280117,51.5115048484306,51.5113450798679,51.5111843469388,51.5110792003285,51.51097236557,51.5108655745125,51.5108157956792,51.5103406935238,51.5102068098771,51.5096154019559,51.5095747194677,51.509637250254,51.509759415244,51.5102304219867,51.5102460781679,51.5102507482514,51.5102656133217,51.5102756974691,51.5102884996131,51.5103022223367,51.5103090836923,51.5103809197102,51.5103920556469,51.5101343056717,51.5101014047853,51.5100241158002,51.5099877066108,51.5099690745521,51.5099282166533,51.5097967434126,51.5096880225028,51.5095677497277,51.5094440563046,51.5093245754872,51.5092411943241,51.5092017833334,51.5091203739089,51.5091601840964,51.509124126218,51.509114637429,51.5085395969992,51.5080560711002,51.5076467210492,51.507611911782,51.5075200650383,51.5075167769018,51.5075180900967,51.5075189662613,51.507466073845,51.5073952510507,51.5072228960195,51.5069474084433,51.506590513348,51.5064011497651,51.5063577456313,51.5063633999701,51.5063634437726,51.5064153272376,51.506446277568,51.5062928699756,51.5061460105095,51.5057484585407,51.505488845066,51.5054670352821,51.5054419137519,51.5053810873894,51.5051148763226,51.5045003423991,51.5044629917713,51.5039520281084,51.5037183004829,51.5036701213726,51.5036768073517,51.5037012711742,51.5033895311966,51.5027026156967,51.5023016175716,51.5022502155009,51.5016440914465,51.501131607489,51.5007701062691,51.4998473631744,51.4995290593492,51.4991441794712,51.4989872716286,51.4988947440034,51.4985237323621,51.4981276892979,51.4979265236391,51.4977770698077,51.4973951704061,51.4968101924149,51.4961898253867,51.4960220841635,51.4961485031743,51.4960422100764,51.4960168922316,51.4959915523773,51.4959670231923,51.4959433707025,51.4959269518813,51.4959050087608,51.4958848190286,51.4958663826827,51.495849699721,51.4958388932321,51.4958105270769,51.4956239512601,51.4955447692111,51.4954753627231,51.4953580302006,51.4952101808561,51.4950369201075,51.4948280797271,51.4946078191352,51.4945488179977,51.4942887877407,51.4940379516767,51.4938560831748,51.4937701660602,51.4936197790463,51.4934233756372,51.4933210825479,51.4932902954213,51.4932501567998,51.4931552355162,51.4929117293258,51.4926630070265,51.4924845438881,51.4922857794063,51.4918824380212,51.4918514185028,51.4916950055095,51.4916683373519,51.4911283900995,51.4903709484275,51.4903700276379,51.4900738999385,51.489981961089,51.4892917431343,51.4891195156098,51.4887982710309,51.4887571595063,51.488121916519,51.4880640817509,51.4879546808702,51.4878505392774,51.4877498374053,51.4876543947411,51.4874497316546,51.4872059087829,51.4873723835456,51.4869961795246,51.48688325903,51.486765933295,51.4866442245108,51.486621180788,51.4864933136938,51.4863610857943,51.4862271267318,51.4861188852943,51.4858135205837,51.4854993894198,51.4854444914923,51.4852160233696,51.484984093084,51.4848298165934,51.4842728663761,51.4840187553676,51.4840378387238,51.4840596625567,51.4840736644282,51.4837720319508,51.4835759473382,51.4833833240375,51.4832270481887,51.4831648262042,51.4830413252339,51.4828608830718,51.4826838798332,51.4826334072266,51.4820876278941,51.4816917661315,51.4810300801567,51.4809606226553,51.4808792596311,51.4804580466116,51.4803229789558,51.4801844274683,51.4801789240213,51.4800359900264,51.4798895722651,51.4798877526126,51.4797658220615,51.4798718492042,51.4797232994572,51.4795945348694,51.4795116178868,51.4793433326166,51.4789380597835,51.4788378223017,51.4787875476517,51.4786028113753,51.4780972997548,51.4780221359148,51.4778017391684,51.4775326188343,51.4774187507175,51.4773928222234,51.4773682605205,51.4773606403261,51.4773580262617,51.4773389163857,51.4772726205099,51.4772407505122,51.4771641900852,51.4771610108132,51.4771378078226,51.4771905285397,51.4771486132952,51.4771459461548,51.4771418896376,51.477130710387,51.4771017197673,51.4770953684443,51.4770915188286,51.4770940428339,51.477146482524,51.4776390709631,51.4776601762571,51.4776824759227,51.4776975412128,51.4777030110551,51.477704789939,51.4777013618002,51.4776864342997,51.4776325820805,51.4776178007391,51.4775942335456,51.4760597724103,51.4758438791966,51.4756587650022,51.4748907884641,51.4747431066097,51.4747615219084,51.4747157946987,51.47466630475,51.4746262707573,51.4745621729624,51.4737037790008,51.4733592544721,51.4729983020492,51.4723095085543,51.4714567087757,51.4703885855315,51.4695710746897,51.4687607439384,51.4685591691647,51.4684665292367,51.4683661799151,51.4682660088415,51.4676470809262,51.4673886408019,51.4669960614684,51.466676185145,51.4664443206097,51.4662521042975,51.4658144531694,51.4657145827586,51.4656547407301,51.4655978611182,51.4653017618963,51.4652443913822,51.465225053572,51.4651990928181,51.4651915161201,51.464855303759,51.4648371810612,51.4648366793149,51.4648337966477,51.4648814097357,51.4649678169954,51.4652246867192,51.4652087035578,51.4651972276976,51.4651380236706,51.4651241973616,51.4650311742707,51.4650433499972,51.4650003175048,51.4649845396863,51.4649773507212,51.4649800472712,51.464988025304,51.4649948318949,51.4650278038339,51.4649964069273,51.4649932459154,51.4649967511832,51.4650058624744,51.4650172722167,51.4651287032632,51.4651887308531,51.4652411894573,51.4652473601022,51.4652377009649,51.4652377230304,51.4653024328261,51.4655826032381,51.4657205358686,51.4658703591509,51.4661250196677,51.4661945850364,51.4662466782779,51.4662951984425,51.4663308062127,51.4666051941831,51.4668357137403,51.4668958614851,51.4670096043149,51.4669209417014,51.467130616718,51.4672214607596,51.4673630149732,51.4674346517064,51.4676605074319,51.4677248886918,51.4677286372642,51.4674888221206,51.4674258214075,51.4673136404446,51.4679178681854,51.4684844138345,51.4689566009257,51.4691170266074,51.4693033605901,51.4695691729562,51.4697229349665,51.4698838205969,51.4704353259756,51.4705168645425,51.471372532436,51.4714236306038,51.4714983501501,51.4714826296889,51.4724617547835,51.4738782250426,51.4739009370067,51.4742612109682,51.474376020265,51.4749188199047,51.4751696841704,51.4752155231429,51.4753237966562,51.4765505921022,51.4766056973404,51.4767538501887,51.4772162175636,51.4776221884281,51.4780260565534,51.4799344547399,51.4817112373475,51.4817542231691,51.4817746538689,51.481793178135,51.4818114625973,51.4818292674311,51.4819069470214,51.4820439178296,51.4820602594618,51.4824245738249,51.4824462956212,51.48297498262,51.4830157300234,51.4832726707739,51.4834474962106,51.4842697040484,51.4851061960003,51.4865705222254,51.4866137757625,51.4871042070788,51.4870983948227,51.4873043774552,51.4873010153515,51.4874473993829,51.4884109030558,51.4884743786939,51.4885547560115,51.4886141148976,51.4888025195309,51.488818711009,51.4887793051332,51.4889134308506,51.4890586312167,51.4893950706631,51.489437728321,51.4894989247939,51.4903165041317,51.4902865671865,51.4904270989368,51.4904280877126,51.4904282827832,51.4903843599553,51.4904614012381,51.49044134926,51.4903960671965,51.4903878165023,51.490394844047,51.4904106854966,51.4904351895761,51.490424080378,51.4903999556037,51.4903899504881,51.4903835402351,51.4903843197308,51.4903926137497,51.4904495464289,51.4903980395303,51.4903575732625,51.4903073529369,51.4902512324044,51.4901621327743,51.4902071209939,51.4901061440348,51.4900473682379,51.4900168018223,51.4900395373221,51.4899702684546,51.489898302648,51.4897359194842,51.4894624658477,51.4893164191485,51.4892723023757,51.4892064506195,51.4891002776503,51.4890668307671,51.48870217634]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.183880909825793,-0.184033354486064,-0.1843394828217,-0.184576985109622,-0.184669046393364,-0.185374787072255,-0.185632434953115,-0.185685164041403,-0.185770473351311,-0.186042416725161,-0.18616679181048,-0.186236949048999,-0.186364333396036,-0.186549979478732,-0.186729882007114,-0.186880581512771,-0.186881949491882,-0.187046080237996,-0.187217550915632,-0.187224533458732,-0.187403379772714,-0.187589566070851,-0.188195022714351,-0.188281089174773,-0.188353225932725,-0.189041343427686,-0.189519654494324,-0.190156224037511,-0.190221916641018,-0.190445347000209,-0.190658561265531,-0.190794817159049,-0.190864366965506,-0.191026691753717,-0.191213504056228,-0.191391539377364,-0.191707987711064,-0.191733026248532,-0.191775657457326,-0.19182106076753,-0.192029931734661,-0.192575380432471,-0.192724832922275,-0.192953314067629,-0.193190576249717,-0.193251780272023,-0.193621050694398,-0.194005075876118,-0.194143392944143,-0.194316703318757,-0.194494404127428,-0.194680920311796,-0.194717459372576,-0.194912862135314,-0.195115640812524,-0.195324355913779,-0.195987919658517,-0.196448207380711,-0.197099720482075,-0.197543928635016,-0.197727415325437,-0.197902053063379,-0.198066473187583,-0.198222044334158,-0.198298986428992,-0.199025844298593,-0.198950762812088,-0.199374554403709,-0.199580953709077,-0.200374824690992,-0.200623285182677,-0.200934291537185,-0.200935695760961,-0.201774496576937,-0.202387075562236,-0.202308238900199,-0.201835358462155,-0.20186438880457,-0.202247545462532,-0.202425555501858,-0.20256979252703,-0.202780413813434,-0.203002766938825,-0.203094111305379,-0.20313142816292,-0.203027937570033,-0.203189580207646,-0.20344836354293,-0.203638369645479,-0.203787693676196,-0.204036969121935,-0.204385818448325,-0.204865405109336,-0.204783854041628,-0.2051915371277,-0.205616959971942,-0.206009208581044,-0.206327544980217,-0.206590896517518,-0.206719270014038,-0.206840057095897,-0.207103575784085,-0.207135597529847,-0.207136614157336,-0.207169094356588,-0.207198624496844,-0.207225204577821,-0.207248834598561,-0.207264037510546,-0.207281837919211,-0.207298163303027,-0.207308694307668,-0.207317785538581,-0.20738852918937,-0.208001442231423,-0.208209520972362,-0.208967478642069,-0.209587096245981,-0.209922221933528,-0.210051793000912,-0.210270104137537,-0.210825117913299,-0.211507906061807,-0.211678613630008,-0.211943332096072,-0.212592458409812,-0.213062662539836,-0.214133102245247,-0.214369671329203,-0.214718491010783,-0.215075186373401,-0.214966555472043,-0.215375939353821,-0.216019112329823,-0.216236039111496,-0.216342179208344,-0.216375580687913,-0.216409721728814,-0.216582148736682,-0.217008882540175,-0.217040565650993,-0.217418598908043,-0.217598414254117,-0.217636387141352,-0.217573446286486,-0.217588445618971,-0.217748347453506,-0.217990768220564,-0.217180977271116,-0.216388217020718,-0.216363488070688,-0.216322284925979,-0.216319404691149,-0.216243253954332,-0.21596345095575,-0.216056923243772,-0.216227430802089,-0.216189292960502,-0.21616959259841,-0.216155298519084,-0.216144586703762,-0.216086980557,-0.215882408548981,-0.215862105978483,-0.215397394315217,-0.215202938433216,-0.215393008852008,-0.215611887457056,-0.215817108111949,-0.216086215626471,-0.21609201252124,-0.216430775462868,-0.216462181739443,-0.216511079900056,-0.216613021640298,-0.216841809405103,-0.216815363850062,-0.216859664502065,-0.216913062881079,-0.216984307328735,-0.217010092830102,-0.216993513466116,-0.216963270251018,-0.216960252749917,-0.216994995526059,-0.217209744146115,-0.217246206341242,-0.217489673734852,-0.217511557989651,-0.217555326479745,-0.21760050011064,-0.217647008735966,-0.217793139485831,-0.217840877864895,-0.218053329699148,-0.217888690136023,-0.218844567065654,-0.219286533196688,-0.219300798800552,-0.219518402069586,-0.219570826371373,-0.219768471149151,-0.219789588527418,-0.219834423694162,-0.219882139602648,-0.219937127150377,-0.220040387872764,-0.220139363489357,-0.22026897968613,-0.220333910833618,-0.220345962877528,-0.220435988082761,-0.2205380573209,-0.221131687685811,-0.221359907007877,-0.22149718611154,-0.221463308851173,-0.221478918210335,-0.221480113547305,-0.221757252879562,-0.222032251472028,-0.222277029878832,-0.222402234233289,-0.222604056713716,-0.222751236352168,-0.222927844888432,-0.223668166055854,-0.224315070170865,-0.224299896491486,-0.224277205852929,-0.224464288172443,-0.224747461150394,-0.224917540572112,-0.225077188216975,-0.225299074589942,-0.225677559266973,-0.225894806936765,-0.226369686901501,-0.226426810604511,-0.226472672629347,-0.226484162042741,-0.226528714071974,-0.226563156635885,-0.226625886495167,-0.226701127616814,-0.226768458702075,-0.226722789415285,-0.228301584422097,-0.228077162486972,-0.228070953387758,-0.226820454554121,-0.226729425739927,-0.226733526512725,-0.226619904418706,-0.227195200341853,-0.227271445308323,-0.227298787993804,-0.227375003814033,-0.227392007892025,-0.22741689294067,-0.227414195723221,-0.227350562640496,-0.227347659812505,-0.227355061621034,-0.227377709176939,-0.227412162581181,-0.227457923542368,-0.227507857825671,-0.22758837354478,-0.227740068544771,-0.227826792586197,-0.228019321662021,-0.228207589317707,-0.228269915210838,-0.228324897504622,-0.228365715692301,-0.228727736883045,-0.228503133845418,-0.228372526283082,-0.228164390631489,-0.228009927153637,-0.227846644140604,-0.227718859739387,-0.227590935805096,-0.227588054051548,-0.227680559654567,-0.227685266174766,-0.226716881012173,-0.226200350868218,-0.22546537552265,-0.225463235753812,-0.225446606772199,-0.225016833694184,-0.224600798302995,-0.224296732173658,-0.223803836025501,-0.223633772012012,-0.223388182100981,-0.223087448980374,-0.222819926779955,-0.222669015799653,-0.222296587439579,-0.221903814386359,-0.221526652712881,-0.221005513506038,-0.220714669577998,-0.219517351094429,-0.21905778998803,-0.218712409306281,-0.218260300807012,-0.217979055243607,-0.217331767635156,-0.217067146453923,-0.216666947718953,-0.216391926792549,-0.216028912668804,-0.215815146558774,-0.215889960702285,-0.215906863291273,-0.21592394103855,-0.215923201903312,-0.21588788402686,-0.215832957093495,-0.215674961083377,-0.21557301710733,-0.215071211170088,-0.214599554914724,-0.213753439231859,-0.213315727381536,-0.212698449761644,-0.211962434934481,-0.211261176210331,-0.210278024902375,-0.209994059810701,-0.209578568491271,-0.209223942393915,-0.208837726890686,-0.208236600989933,-0.208069792657094,-0.207831441458454,-0.207607497906178,-0.207341455552617,-0.207319915087572,-0.206976044622541,-0.20672469970775,-0.206507897703639,-0.206178274992854,-0.205902293920771,-0.205691253411537,-0.205490060327286,-0.205190298326982,-0.205044343036734,-0.204537094331867,-0.20436531896786,-0.204076012796598,-0.203881526182531,-0.203558434669561,-0.203017960332364,-0.202803775626638,-0.202694014499424,-0.202584182752064,-0.201639382466434,-0.201625575667971,-0.201555487481827,-0.20153154578007,-0.201528049365372,-0.201488254791436,-0.201132043942382,-0.200636447521602,-0.200634014953012,-0.200772379322207,-0.200768022742394,-0.201244529885214,-0.201546658497729,-0.201768186574868,-0.202225613347033,-0.202669094959747,-0.203109052863386,-0.203498210021965,-0.203725907692483,-0.203766809070086,-0.203715488680131,-0.203580352086827,-0.203453656742638,-0.203419234568914,-0.203353300093716,-0.203303652670764,-0.203279041275292,-0.203209606292591,-0.20297027405548,-0.202379446752235,-0.201488156453198,-0.200747521940279,-0.199944566782896,-0.1998954393524,-0.199894034351093,-0.199207786505696,-0.195767416747427,-0.195072628010524,-0.194367326226598,-0.194065017616948,-0.193655411114073,-0.192984780234594,-0.192143783578032,-0.19172302732439,-0.190937397643279,-0.189720271093802,-0.188562739637679,-0.187933557981193,-0.18688345664662,-0.185621723102513,-0.184409386770161,-0.184259245084354,-0.183081020952099,-0.182615471711526,-0.182408800108748,-0.182061301101535,-0.181657502056413,-0.181374774115422,-0.180931310237058,-0.180336124702437,-0.179749340976717,-0.17957082679056,-0.173566988556587,-0.17355947166654,-0.172482485600115,-0.172472194953766,-0.171805482965793,-0.171801022412434,-0.171499595158254,-0.169643964900317,-0.16841458484227,-0.168202316105295,-0.168051244967279,-0.167928946898481,-0.167643871468101,-0.165803723309799,-0.165505763405361,-0.162857677138862,-0.162599011802781,-0.162367087973629,-0.161570182674098,-0.161344371426333,-0.161187652635932,-0.161023878256785,-0.16088861953193,-0.160781551203976,-0.160588875583255,-0.159173340985544,-0.158600390801092,-0.158477235016292,-0.158468667821866,-0.158502548937415,-0.158525361398007,-0.158525814331277,-0.15851715686422,-0.15850061158732,-0.158436531542903,-0.157874184757461,-0.157239735375327,-0.156096538714404,-0.156047626216785,-0.155678439444211,-0.155633091102271,-0.155547514651791,-0.155319441425502,-0.155636633577182,-0.155781823533485,-0.155847382975007,-0.155938831622515,-0.156013776089579,-0.155015262810514,-0.156008944250223,-0.155989586906043,-0.154818002812629,-0.155821108896499,-0.155701853393331,-0.155654790636846,-0.155568845789481,-0.155461163168996,-0.155196336823537,-0.155873929628211,-0.154917500051635,-0.15348565250178,-0.151724828798669,-0.151413832697195,-0.150366753224664,-0.150195267851164,-0.150119279124638,-0.150086567010071,-0.150003833152949,-0.150522871121193,-0.150855352340955,-0.151947299422473,-0.152326057600726,-0.152530284531463,-0.1529061762031,-0.154279581519952,-0.155114947620715,-0.155592350789745,-0.156103499880389,-0.156701807846061,-0.159477574068235,-0.161808774365441,-0.166440028951755,-0.167189074368584,-0.168371325457975,-0.169060592936136,-0.170063884911639,-0.170767897354412,-0.171096027210176,-0.17126885360469,-0.171603062851832,-0.171879482337563,-0.172315122870523,-0.172751299862532,-0.173211475738704,-0.173474071444501,-0.173906569895718,-0.174088622456442,-0.174246150087912,-0.174336141154606,-0.174546276849842,-0.175532473738462,-0.175675032158489,-0.175762609852758,-0.175900522292734,-0.176054399923141,-0.176173129206658,-0.176235264713118,-0.17629527965575,-0.176352236700193,-0.176461295056694,-0.177286236134306,-0.177342505118942,-0.177741927483923,-0.177838703558799,-0.177844854623368,-0.177549559032447,-0.17781470184709,-0.177993894639497,-0.178787626366516,-0.178936974830599,-0.179308568229568,-0.179405531059776,-0.1797867664585,-0.180409285254054,-0.180744465654514,-0.180821896051273,-0.182100359591511,-0.182773195568884,-0.182801811002327,-0.182814049262583,-0.183316086867093,-0.183369336440733,-0.183416579367894,-0.183463643787463,-0.183535899386768,-0.183650284022481,-0.183830145851882,-0.183880909825793],"lat":[51.4774187507175,51.4775326188343,51.4778017391684,51.4780221359148,51.4780972997548,51.4786028113753,51.4787875476517,51.4788378223017,51.4789380597835,51.4793433326166,51.4795116178868,51.4795945348694,51.4797232994572,51.4798718492042,51.4797658220615,51.4798877526126,51.4798895722651,51.4800359900264,51.4801789240213,51.4801844274683,51.4803229789558,51.4804580466116,51.4808792596311,51.4809606226553,51.4810300801567,51.4816917661315,51.4820876278941,51.4826334072266,51.4826838798332,51.4828608830718,51.4830413252339,51.4831648262042,51.4832270481887,51.4833833240375,51.4835759473382,51.4837720319508,51.4840736644282,51.4840596625567,51.4840378387238,51.4840187553676,51.4842728663761,51.4848298165934,51.484984093084,51.4852160233696,51.4854444914923,51.4854993894198,51.4858135205837,51.4861188852943,51.4862271267318,51.4863610857943,51.4864933136938,51.486621180788,51.4866442245108,51.486765933295,51.48688325903,51.4869961795246,51.4873723835456,51.4872059087829,51.4874497316546,51.4876543947411,51.4877498374053,51.4878505392774,51.4879546808702,51.4880640817509,51.488121916519,51.4887571595063,51.4887982710309,51.4891195156098,51.4892917431343,51.489981961089,51.4900738999385,51.4903700276379,51.4903709484275,51.4911283900995,51.4916683373519,51.4916950055095,51.4918514185028,51.4918824380212,51.4922857794063,51.4924845438881,51.4926630070265,51.4929117293258,51.4931552355162,51.4932501567998,51.4932902954213,51.4933210825479,51.4934233756372,51.4936197790463,51.4937701660602,51.4938560831748,51.4940379516767,51.4942887877407,51.4945488179977,51.4946078191352,51.4948280797271,51.4950369201075,51.4952101808561,51.4953580302006,51.4954753627231,51.4955447692111,51.4956239512601,51.4958105270769,51.4958388932321,51.495849699721,51.4958663826827,51.4958848190286,51.4959050087608,51.4959269518813,51.4959433707025,51.4959670231923,51.4959915523773,51.4960168922316,51.4960422100764,51.4961485031743,51.4960220841635,51.4961898253867,51.4968101924149,51.4973951704061,51.4977770698077,51.4979265236391,51.4981276892979,51.4985237323621,51.4988947440034,51.4989872716286,51.4991441794712,51.4995290593492,51.4998473631744,51.5007701062691,51.501131607489,51.5016440914465,51.5022502155009,51.5023016175716,51.5027026156967,51.5033895311966,51.5037012711742,51.5036768073517,51.5036701213726,51.5037183004829,51.5039520281084,51.5044629917713,51.5045003423991,51.5051148763226,51.5053810873894,51.5054419137519,51.5054670352821,51.505488845066,51.5057484585407,51.5061460105095,51.5062928699756,51.506446277568,51.5064153272376,51.5063634437726,51.5063633999701,51.5063577456313,51.5064011497651,51.506590513348,51.5069474084433,51.5072228960195,51.5073952510507,51.507466073845,51.5075189662613,51.5075180900967,51.5075167769018,51.5075200650383,51.507611911782,51.5076467210492,51.5080560711002,51.5085395969992,51.509114637429,51.509124126218,51.5091601840964,51.5091203739089,51.5092017833334,51.5092411943241,51.5093245754872,51.5094440563046,51.5095677497277,51.5096880225028,51.5097967434126,51.5099282166533,51.5099690745521,51.5099877066108,51.5100241158002,51.5101014047853,51.5101343056717,51.5103920556469,51.5103809197102,51.5103090836923,51.5103022223367,51.5102884996131,51.5102756974691,51.5102656133217,51.5102507482514,51.5102460781679,51.5102304219867,51.509759415244,51.509637250254,51.5095747194677,51.5096154019559,51.5102068098771,51.5103406935238,51.5108157956792,51.5108655745125,51.51097236557,51.5110792003285,51.5111843469388,51.5113450798679,51.5115048484306,51.5117289280117,51.5118378222633,51.5118613854184,51.512065979995,51.5122203996726,51.5131115603956,51.5134684233105,51.5136440585591,51.5138108037998,51.5138910729796,51.513897385795,51.5143305258961,51.5147447487663,51.5150838758997,51.5152737148511,51.5156427644395,51.5157124376722,51.5159147450171,51.5167424695921,51.5174527730448,51.5174723266341,51.517499859591,51.5176555625344,51.5179718850879,51.5181201360194,51.5182772212487,51.5185017917226,51.5188878962018,51.5190836196373,51.5195116455052,51.5194882297506,51.5195320867082,51.5195331596643,51.5195365309856,51.5195775175323,51.5196324203319,51.5196992023609,51.5197469807206,51.5197723682849,51.5210974251924,51.5211974479015,51.5213574187822,51.5219338190358,51.5219765057186,51.5223533491727,51.5247957646602,51.5247927703447,51.5251680061563,51.5253176930807,51.5258422020503,51.5259611585723,51.5262483918953,51.5262807237463,51.5271025659256,51.5272886645324,51.527506392213,51.5277027685304,51.5278921293199,51.5280501875923,51.5281750370624,51.5283291242113,51.5285436364399,51.5286492583101,51.5288517976861,51.529015605105,51.5290812916237,51.5291504641541,51.5292131280763,51.5298777367233,51.530352740047,51.5303004103107,51.5302397155645,51.5302077075839,51.5301800623577,51.5301664417908,51.5301564159302,51.5301563723902,51.5299275649373,51.5299177444195,51.5299804445097,51.5299906201067,51.5300199701818,51.5300379225896,51.5301689599062,51.5301354807146,51.5300824246002,51.5300418527996,51.5299633509295,51.5299248062751,51.5298635358392,51.529774452453,51.5296840729465,51.5296350261701,51.529498993265,51.5293671469857,51.5292786995444,51.5291853698094,51.5291386945018,51.5289352845326,51.5288527723361,51.5287998686181,51.5287111717655,51.5286403559462,51.5284551694045,51.5283648207316,51.528202269723,51.5280829857241,51.5279281917981,51.52782782276,51.5276841829613,51.5276574628257,51.5275893803027,51.5274976465609,51.5274053869135,51.5272615723167,51.5269147601344,51.5267198727557,51.5267598980479,51.5268030778034,51.5268738261523,51.5268968350993,51.5268667491566,51.5268132683782,51.5267558167516,51.526681471055,51.5266438663432,51.5265781755446,51.5265044200395,51.526427483387,51.5263166888126,51.5263060476174,51.5262817238031,51.5262576196499,51.5262409648891,51.526238837221,51.5261850225577,51.526124528217,51.5260654607141,51.525942619938,51.5257387676717,51.5255332103765,51.525297229114,51.5249284500699,51.5247175926801,51.5240533831343,51.5238394318987,51.5236083939092,51.5234588396414,51.5233172072242,51.5231317780356,51.523079937582,51.5230485808622,51.5230190214411,51.5227419615848,51.5226167552075,51.5223468071364,51.5220397983558,51.521982193224,51.5219312254935,51.5214599556291,51.5207950077999,51.5207104416576,51.520710765602,51.520821305644,51.5208367069361,51.520851231296,51.5208627207864,51.520886818003,51.5208990096026,51.520817624319,51.5207084820846,51.5206364328147,51.5206226712767,51.5205715278,51.5204525567442,51.5203022413226,51.5202612481904,51.5200686996214,51.5199384482254,51.5198679303141,51.5197643530536,51.5194729290038,51.5188469952925,51.5177992030149,51.5179766855319,51.5168466064156,51.5167766107297,51.516775689924,51.5145512181872,51.514956063125,51.5150317010896,51.5127124850431,51.5117564298167,51.5116916713935,51.5118135302975,51.5098680926941,51.5099398408195,51.5100185496,51.5100762060669,51.5101572514768,51.5101790060885,51.5077716824876,51.5048907681723,51.5021122177485,51.5017933582974,51.5015664855504,51.5014981234077,51.5014778348994,51.5014481691743,51.5014212265233,51.5014294321292,51.501421655342,51.5014609815418,51.4986857887716,51.4977783741105,51.4982209772381,51.4983008933307,51.498392025421,51.4984692004819,51.4985325475512,51.4986080149441,51.4986878450744,51.4989025950631,51.4990209865796,51.4989969885012,51.4988840210572,51.4985206122765,51.4983003385982,51.4992418635257,51.4986967539444,51.5001300712244,51.5002923801936,51.5004703948663,51.5012258648341,51.5013949808279,51.5014941389717,51.501589589274,51.501656710526,51.5017035909736,51.5017653151792,51.5021028052436,51.5022331944934,51.5022501450081,51.5022482119847,51.5015149558394,51.501413698761,51.50133097485,51.5012597981415,51.5012055833323,51.5010795813384,51.4990177607874,51.4985662612443,51.4977623471358,51.4975106870336,51.4956281442407,51.4955024351049,51.4953383246886,51.4950640626455,51.4948793095762,51.4947799775127,51.4947261541456,51.4946376670383,51.4944940660079,51.4938560788893,51.4932215490546,51.4932014611355,51.4919627479213,51.4914506662725,51.4910504221607,51.4908959098913,51.4906697451387,51.4904468354,51.4900487971086,51.48960623172,51.4890345498865,51.4881802035728,51.4870562742295,51.4868751184032,51.4862327269607,51.48609243618,51.485977032273,51.4858955834175,51.4854842186522,51.4854357531713,51.4854059257569,51.4852945466952,51.4852600489152,51.4852317928319,51.4851612778952,51.4849634857537,51.4848210607893,51.4847332500028,51.4846657514893,51.4845798373196,51.4842142782128,51.483907330836,51.4833134932386,51.4832029050862,51.483028038796,51.4829353892605,51.4827694017894,51.4826320097817,51.4825660871849,51.482530114803,51.4824561923419,51.4823867634991,51.4822613644832,51.4821224834489,51.4819956649491,51.4819116289893,51.4817564998648,51.4819220992992,51.4818723955576,51.4818549124188,51.4818222138583,51.4816864881995,51.4816509376565,51.4816217256166,51.4815582257404,51.4814194369514,51.4813313585896,51.4812900602131,51.4812658145932,51.4812460176411,51.481219836907,51.4806490490128,51.4806103566176,51.4803449906957,51.4802655620109,51.4802557658351,51.4800767219852,51.4798560298095,51.4796960498702,51.4789314276081,51.4787251209001,51.4780006994338,51.4779887162059,51.4779622618205,51.4779521401961,51.4779249680094,51.4779333633353,51.4773983532562,51.4773539284248,51.4773948381887,51.4774130128692,51.4773542475831,51.4773550725807,51.4773620992523,51.4773736193932,51.4774035147794,51.4774241709653,51.4774278562101,51.4774187507175]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.150003833152949,-0.150086567010071,-0.150119279124638,-0.150195267851164,-0.150366753224664,-0.151413832697195,-0.151724828798669,-0.15348565250178,-0.154917500051635,-0.155873929628211,-0.155196336823537,-0.155461163168996,-0.155568845789481,-0.155654790636846,-0.155701853393331,-0.155821108896499,-0.154818002812629,-0.155989586906043,-0.156008944250223,-0.155015262810514,-0.156013776089579,-0.155938831622515,-0.155847382975007,-0.155781823533485,-0.155636633577182,-0.155319441425502,-0.155547514651791,-0.155633091102271,-0.155678439444211,-0.156047626216785,-0.156096538714404,-0.157239735375327,-0.157874184757461,-0.158436531542903,-0.15850061158732,-0.15851715686422,-0.158525814331277,-0.158525361398007,-0.158502548937415,-0.158468667821866,-0.158477235016292,-0.158600390801092,-0.159173340985544,-0.160588875583255,-0.160781551203976,-0.16088861953193,-0.161023878256785,-0.161187652635932,-0.161344371426333,-0.161570182674098,-0.162367087973629,-0.162599011802781,-0.162857677138862,-0.165505763405361,-0.165803723309799,-0.167643871468101,-0.167928946898481,-0.168051244967279,-0.168202316105295,-0.16841458484227,-0.169643964900317,-0.171499595158254,-0.171801022412434,-0.171805482965793,-0.172472194953766,-0.172482485600115,-0.17355947166654,-0.173566988556587,-0.17957082679056,-0.179749340976717,-0.180336124702437,-0.180931310237058,-0.181374774115422,-0.181657502056413,-0.182061301101535,-0.182408800108748,-0.182615471711526,-0.183081020952099,-0.184259245084354,-0.184409386770161,-0.185621723102513,-0.18688345664662,-0.187933557981193,-0.188562739637679,-0.189720271093802,-0.190937397643279,-0.19172302732439,-0.192143783578032,-0.192984780234594,-0.193655411114073,-0.194065017616948,-0.194367326226598,-0.195072628010524,-0.195767416747427,-0.199207786505696,-0.199894034351093,-0.1998954393524,-0.199944566782896,-0.200747521940279,-0.201488156453198,-0.202379446752235,-0.20297027405548,-0.203209606292591,-0.203279041275292,-0.203303652670764,-0.203353300093716,-0.203419234568914,-0.203453656742638,-0.203580352086827,-0.203715488680131,-0.203766809070086,-0.203725907692483,-0.203498210021965,-0.203109052863386,-0.202669094959747,-0.202225613347033,-0.201768186574868,-0.201546658497729,-0.201244529885214,-0.200768022742394,-0.200772379322207,-0.200634014953012,-0.200636447521602,-0.201132043942382,-0.201488254791436,-0.201528049365372,-0.20153154578007,-0.201555487481827,-0.201625575667971,-0.201639382466434,-0.202584182752064,-0.202694014499424,-0.202803775626638,-0.203017960332364,-0.203558434669561,-0.203881526182531,-0.204076012796598,-0.20436531896786,-0.204537094331867,-0.205044343036734,-0.205190298326982,-0.205490060327286,-0.205691253411537,-0.205902293920771,-0.206178274992854,-0.206507897703639,-0.20672469970775,-0.206976044622541,-0.207319915087572,-0.207341455552617,-0.207607497906178,-0.207831441458454,-0.208069792657094,-0.208236600989933,-0.208837726890686,-0.209223942393915,-0.209578568491271,-0.209994059810701,-0.210278024902375,-0.211261176210331,-0.211962434934481,-0.212698449761644,-0.213315727381536,-0.213753439231859,-0.214599554914724,-0.215071211170088,-0.21557301710733,-0.215674961083377,-0.215832957093495,-0.21588788402686,-0.215923201903312,-0.21592394103855,-0.215906863291273,-0.215889960702285,-0.215815146558774,-0.216028912668804,-0.216088527539379,-0.216076441698279,-0.216040423525487,-0.215947791862616,-0.215883693442289,-0.215847285619922,-0.215687175356208,-0.215562242752985,-0.215471047188781,-0.215375985727122,-0.215314134180448,-0.215265039414525,-0.215228771735869,-0.215178095174686,-0.215129491752185,-0.215104504429221,-0.215097053529372,-0.215103484360993,-0.215167549665311,-0.215292342751319,-0.215324815364383,-0.215360486152227,-0.215362805572767,-0.215351032274643,-0.215328153471604,-0.215305731541336,-0.215268865391086,-0.215207328063976,-0.214694785140485,-0.214185825588366,-0.214046618789007,-0.213820112882728,-0.21363261681159,-0.213267815716612,-0.21306271292888,-0.212817123614278,-0.212662593542353,-0.212258256724859,-0.211735130532179,-0.211402483426695,-0.211051455757333,-0.210841778604526,-0.210185080440801,-0.210101784289352,-0.209687166026778,-0.209335775238745,-0.208958692952579,-0.208682021879315,-0.207946906532891,-0.207648201228931,-0.207336074465788,-0.207105276030972,-0.206797719001897,-0.206608601949399,-0.206259567777482,-0.205869134223336,-0.2055308217132,-0.205309967938651,-0.204604045212176,-0.204057228365523,-0.20359845134645,-0.203265593302609,-0.203073204630143,-0.202992228638342,-0.202849762343316,-0.202601941027182,-0.202291781454559,-0.202035245680564,-0.201877982404058,-0.201689361903765,-0.201550238568234,-0.201476076789356,-0.201434596024456,-0.20139964699243,-0.201297305196128,-0.201108060201973,-0.20100763323077,-0.200903096337293,-0.200675185243801,-0.200449058403337,-0.199843649034713,-0.199562961612535,-0.19941211968803,-0.19933092417643,-0.199329518753192,-0.199174674297062,-0.199018340884816,-0.198858607452008,-0.198767327091795,-0.198685955718616,-0.198595207949339,-0.198298116959511,-0.198215944603958,-0.197993760256978,-0.19797525617624,-0.197940483780256,-0.197925812004206,-0.198002770704472,-0.198001840706624,-0.197972427757352,-0.197954534106205,-0.197973576658108,-0.197995451231674,-0.198074773097614,-0.197950465579662,-0.197798833993943,-0.197500854994505,-0.197249846000278,-0.197183037514215,-0.197129480043711,-0.197021492318765,-0.196931397573892,-0.196846243793752,-0.196846679197002,-0.196568746300418,-0.196562577412083,-0.196528019123812,-0.196413177757086,-0.19569638900668,-0.194283561510633,-0.19351675941689,-0.193138639078923,-0.192892507859075,-0.192664678031266,-0.192558562382893,-0.192411101384362,-0.192385001769624,-0.192374074237233,-0.192382380840699,-0.192407943239607,-0.192769864867025,-0.193035300847187,-0.192983140385852,-0.191483522125869,-0.191427732843279,-0.191284507043934,-0.191082183920034,-0.190825388423809,-0.19040617218486,-0.189835674899122,-0.189669644190361,-0.189556574533773,-0.189425592334303,-0.189324764576995,-0.189216182791447,-0.189059142731784,-0.188773585175777,-0.188583331763713,-0.187978082434233,-0.18790180784115,-0.187841049456651,-0.187751221121209,-0.185490767572745,-0.18539338109459,-0.184701469788078,-0.184643157614281,-0.184468173927297,-0.184224338583977,-0.184078629609818,-0.183873523195251,-0.182749207874515,-0.181600661096019,-0.1804199529174,-0.180180989926901,-0.18003699093421,-0.179752197365744,-0.179312914226571,-0.179088969921379,-0.1790382071282,-0.178764647452515,-0.178571103840707,-0.178379288389096,-0.178353347829828,-0.17829858442891,-0.175790769494294,-0.173921648853743,-0.174152796062991,-0.17414147822684,-0.174123101300231,-0.17409474471006,-0.174035439655837,-0.173510971795143,-0.171981257188363,-0.170890244332954,-0.169542887017973,-0.169436030731126,-0.169261156030793,-0.169044131048258,-0.16845027364138,-0.168206090325869,-0.168044191560813,-0.166582893485816,-0.164961075174877,-0.163792745226817,-0.163619160448262,-0.163390237356192,-0.161919867347132,-0.160486835217735,-0.159445330378009,-0.1594381615381,-0.15863150541849,-0.157579594041988,-0.155849441531381,-0.155481976228795,-0.155221449794836,-0.154994684546225,-0.154746557595262,-0.154423277681548,-0.154181350326848,-0.153928112481956,-0.153416453870501,-0.152732436524032,-0.151481176416183,-0.150885298265325,-0.14992283102557,-0.147195842738457,-0.145815598878895,-0.145198552321867,-0.144852982830852,-0.144708482687922,-0.144646645682092,-0.144154815619383,-0.144179003205598,-0.143989710702594,-0.143496470808722,-0.143414726580513,-0.143513537606399,-0.143521002786906,-0.14352124348559,-0.143311974152749,-0.143093184030647,-0.142901144036028,-0.141415963227077,-0.140473926503575,-0.139804034023297,-0.139179887377623,-0.138736900605656,-0.138344067490447,-0.138255625541467,-0.138206857720262,-0.138170871098403,-0.138035886922184,-0.137033157371586,-0.136321947136129,-0.135851796445352,-0.135258286800735,-0.13434280120238,-0.134474009614734,-0.134070421110412,-0.134013392592561,-0.133977382491427,-0.13394255568256,-0.133910315825321,-0.133867185012613,-0.133622567196582,-0.133004706726135,-0.132568930419663,-0.13247477548678,-0.131586326946513,-0.131162792423058,-0.131114818301953,-0.131076890071506,-0.130831814913578,-0.130427397671815,-0.130369472856184,-0.130372900384501,-0.130466114061374,-0.130471565280648,-0.13043841609463,-0.129852548059181,-0.129689672967984,-0.129361463501879,-0.12912019739449,-0.129008739974038,-0.128997401922354,-0.128869508373046,-0.128364426985142,-0.128272909750902,-0.127989047781049,-0.127714204833264,-0.127602673155178,-0.127452408670868,-0.127352810674775,-0.12727873166272,-0.127177991045854,-0.127042990090057,-0.126944505361675,-0.126867326636922,-0.126668765450667,-0.12619825769088,-0.125262138038102,-0.124492964067321,-0.12397726975416,-0.123584880950591,-0.123380024793705,-0.122894192447536,-0.12209822949033,-0.121843397667666,-0.121316247961204,-0.120346897393076,-0.119493176283105,-0.11932170376564,-0.118853629857244,-0.118700472890899,-0.118657841186778,-0.118623962185677,-0.118405508587872,-0.118379286714726,-0.117617223503495,-0.117276474070387,-0.114718366080205,-0.11468598723881,-0.113859293860586,-0.112307966611989,-0.112325233052086,-0.111707906350371,-0.111687732808344,-0.111606814954749,-0.111575917745851,-0.111552482347103,-0.111410226575459,-0.111137755824273,-0.11110152702447,-0.111332090789191,-0.111980720788797,-0.111858315001003,-0.111738660287467,-0.112337586731119,-0.112213983404122,-0.112374935834319,-0.112347468453124,-0.112414908058147,-0.112200596696276,-0.112058355387402,-0.112189015570229,-0.112167160899902,-0.112157599490283,-0.111887466956159,-0.111770726641328,-0.111710767084118,-0.111567209906137,-0.1115304891266,-0.111557461911558,-0.111574223362741,-0.111586737167839,-0.111574406694964,-0.111671083980626,-0.111675832304812,-0.11187365623919,-0.111892173329909,-0.112228476223039,-0.112568142143346,-0.112608635954042,-0.113021053286844,-0.113437938926931,-0.114282531220206,-0.115125203754204,-0.115322697994694,-0.115380786659149,-0.115813514853439,-0.116175970356777,-0.116219657020405,-0.116915908742452,-0.116869023740572,-0.117675210359518,-0.117771177059154,-0.117784360589098,-0.117888499686302,-0.118216864391959,-0.118357450541322,-0.11837524669019,-0.118454273058552,-0.118533373372364,-0.11852484738149,-0.118859269245492,-0.118885743378232,-0.11932260372991,-0.119949973421279,-0.120175825076932,-0.120073656327189,-0.120362764581867,-0.120499202143895,-0.12080514846705,-0.120986056772022,-0.121374826631237,-0.121246219716249,-0.121309107082208,-0.121310695012852,-0.121313538185502,-0.121371804768954,-0.121451492063808,-0.121465302800761,-0.121646170420322,-0.121592926575832,-0.121643885587791,-0.121812747466111,-0.12194501567292,-0.121998075593544,-0.122011443472686,-0.122279965436834,-0.122364446975884,-0.122490620129297,-0.122596521498428,-0.122686913952481,-0.122872864250556,-0.12298238040129,-0.123089272538637,-0.122981902687297,-0.123054898455911,-0.123414958829949,-0.123489868091283,-0.123623187916958,-0.123670846019951,-0.123547385235192,-0.123585299899404,-0.123599290426761,-0.123749774345652,-0.123762510787629,-0.123769450849494,-0.123651234470161,-0.124121242914599,-0.124494898721828,-0.124515532154403,-0.124553215104186,-0.12455073574472,-0.124640596511021,-0.12468182708295,-0.124816895606112,-0.124924804129716,-0.124834068128141,-0.124903417839164,-0.124947412986136,-0.125282913820859,-0.125376514524237,-0.125468566259239,-0.125601070861683,-0.125791339156452,-0.126408888020058,-0.126604756188259,-0.126818817376949,-0.126921901396523,-0.126975234224896,-0.127044475337078,-0.127249764195921,-0.12730424149962,-0.127511470178373,-0.12773298491912,-0.12839274871076,-0.128483966508269,-0.128490239597538,-0.128550017759316,-0.128967243103442,-0.129016332003862,-0.129065420898767,-0.13121921443167,-0.131346347858368,-0.131464330024162,-0.131667450799979,-0.13190707004406,-0.132109491022176,-0.132337710298596,-0.132353800768143,-0.132663653517375,-0.133491259225204,-0.133880575708658,-0.134010149038628,-0.134376131126578,-0.134380522647748,-0.134896904957158,-0.134989649709854,-0.136034219264511,-0.136022197321267,-0.136628035196887,-0.136878403053282,-0.137151397770196,-0.138134055153737,-0.138487251287635,-0.138939691098784,-0.139028932427373,-0.139911197331192,-0.140339291004007,-0.140575838040386,-0.140903555429147,-0.142233722428807,-0.142846203737334,-0.143470766308356,-0.14359670345735,-0.14372282319979,-0.143997091861568,-0.144230583210376,-0.145514145621239,-0.146133327700994,-0.14682971061126,-0.147807360204865,-0.148254851461058,-0.148986633666613,-0.149028784535068,-0.149025181713708,-0.149018700037449,-0.148968631622113,-0.148965582045581,-0.14905265918454,-0.149082325032322,-0.149080194162342,-0.149089797073553,-0.149106706310524,-0.149125382501617,-0.149153277515171,-0.149162605500939,-0.1492674815501,-0.14935804031908,-0.149603616432892,-0.149675526035722,-0.149643401523564,-0.149567418928137,-0.149499563646605,-0.149299334176909,-0.149255237690833,-0.149237835228247,-0.149219082271819,-0.149216255952997,-0.149239714860001,-0.14926449199055,-0.150003833152949],"lat":[51.4854842186522,51.4858955834175,51.485977032273,51.48609243618,51.4862327269607,51.4868751184032,51.4870562742295,51.4881802035728,51.4890345498865,51.48960623172,51.4900487971086,51.4904468354,51.4906697451387,51.4908959098913,51.4910504221607,51.4914506662725,51.4919627479213,51.4932014611355,51.4932215490546,51.4938560788893,51.4944940660079,51.4946376670383,51.4947261541456,51.4947799775127,51.4948793095762,51.4950640626455,51.4953383246886,51.4955024351049,51.4956281442407,51.4975106870336,51.4977623471358,51.4985662612443,51.4990177607874,51.5010795813384,51.5012055833323,51.5012597981415,51.50133097485,51.501413698761,51.5015149558394,51.5022482119847,51.5022501450081,51.5022331944934,51.5021028052436,51.5017653151792,51.5017035909736,51.501656710526,51.501589589274,51.5014941389717,51.5013949808279,51.5012258648341,51.5004703948663,51.5002923801936,51.5001300712244,51.4986967539444,51.4992418635257,51.4983003385982,51.4985206122765,51.4988840210572,51.4989969885012,51.4990209865796,51.4989025950631,51.4986878450744,51.4986080149441,51.4985325475512,51.4984692004819,51.498392025421,51.4983008933307,51.4982209772381,51.4977783741105,51.4986857887716,51.5014609815418,51.501421655342,51.5014294321292,51.5014212265233,51.5014481691743,51.5014778348994,51.5014981234077,51.5015664855504,51.5017933582974,51.5021122177485,51.5048907681723,51.5077716824876,51.5101790060885,51.5101572514768,51.5100762060669,51.5100185496,51.5099398408195,51.5098680926941,51.5118135302975,51.5116916713935,51.5117564298167,51.5127124850431,51.5150317010896,51.514956063125,51.5145512181872,51.516775689924,51.5167766107297,51.5168466064156,51.5179766855319,51.5177992030149,51.5188469952925,51.5194729290038,51.5197643530536,51.5198679303141,51.5199384482254,51.5200686996214,51.5202612481904,51.5203022413226,51.5204525567442,51.5205715278,51.5206226712767,51.5206364328147,51.5207084820846,51.520817624319,51.5208990096026,51.520886818003,51.5208627207864,51.520851231296,51.5208367069361,51.520821305644,51.520710765602,51.5207104416576,51.5207950077999,51.5214599556291,51.5219312254935,51.521982193224,51.5220397983558,51.5223468071364,51.5226167552075,51.5227419615848,51.5230190214411,51.5230485808622,51.523079937582,51.5231317780356,51.5233172072242,51.5234588396414,51.5236083939092,51.5238394318987,51.5240533831343,51.5247175926801,51.5249284500699,51.525297229114,51.5255332103765,51.5257387676717,51.525942619938,51.5260654607141,51.526124528217,51.5261850225577,51.526238837221,51.5262409648891,51.5262576196499,51.5262817238031,51.5263060476174,51.5263166888126,51.526427483387,51.5265044200395,51.5265781755446,51.5266438663432,51.526681471055,51.5267558167516,51.5268132683782,51.5268667491566,51.5268968350993,51.5268738261523,51.5268030778034,51.5267598980479,51.5267198727557,51.5269147601344,51.5272615723167,51.5274053869135,51.5274976465609,51.5275893803027,51.5276574628257,51.5276841829613,51.52782782276,51.5279281917981,51.528874199699,51.529072747944,51.5292565443946,51.529560877241,51.5297253625424,51.529734700457,51.5297736302525,51.5297978078625,51.5298440803208,51.5298786037776,51.5299118339257,51.5299506535638,51.5299932652977,51.5300725266309,51.5301725020037,51.5302584488471,51.5303383678306,51.5303951177918,51.5305633511674,51.5309851947972,51.5310765120382,51.5311966535944,51.5312479455457,51.5312909299453,51.5313229545155,51.5313432959154,51.5313643167999,51.5313894585184,51.5315183438419,51.5315924278587,51.5316127896224,51.5316534037815,51.5316919138235,51.5317663905116,51.5317758558027,51.5317883009028,51.5317949389836,51.5318112588096,51.5318419528093,51.5319052237423,51.5319592210377,51.5320117762196,51.5322130801881,51.5322414842282,51.5323727410895,51.5324725889865,51.5325657489133,51.5326352622141,51.5327769056643,51.5328200019688,51.5328377136869,51.5328404812394,51.5328519666834,51.5328580681105,51.5328976937511,51.5329267935623,51.5329503946834,51.5329569077881,51.5329425090811,51.5329152549318,51.5328857494691,51.5328806518766,51.5328965891455,51.5329025426808,51.5328589951621,51.5327814606234,51.5326759930478,51.5326001222362,51.5325662383878,51.5325597501132,51.5323948546966,51.5323010958825,51.5322195282149,51.5321551462578,51.5320447689208,51.5319078801452,51.5318586803124,51.5318040219132,51.5316971136232,51.531618108735,51.531358830939,51.5312376219429,51.5311507780468,51.5310892825553,51.5310883617407,51.5309933629193,51.5309361091764,51.5308554227366,51.5307937720026,51.5307367695605,51.5306616382416,51.5304448546396,51.5303716532076,51.5301200496323,51.5300775010169,51.5299357858846,51.5296136319042,51.5291615961869,51.5291121235928,51.529017251357,51.5288497174678,51.528769078214,51.5287262506258,51.5286159630929,51.528368560475,51.5279004235994,51.5278526816541,51.5279297562188,51.5279422181215,51.5279476897042,51.527944231506,51.527925761119,51.5278552105605,51.527734718788,51.5276540106305,51.527700676392,51.5277361147851,51.5279061044225,51.5287520594589,51.5304640592374,51.5313694804287,51.5318159758023,51.5321332139349,51.5324615244222,51.5326289470145,51.5328937498279,51.533006652165,51.5332097124844,51.5332548025808,51.5333010578074,51.5336645322507,51.5339887512216,51.5340679802974,51.5362893788329,51.5362417581968,51.5361082607612,51.5359378822304,51.5357594693534,51.5355317900255,51.5352649060294,51.5351975985797,51.5351401006564,51.535061643596,51.5349863495408,51.5348884546545,51.5347763229909,51.5345237236383,51.5345945239389,51.5348765311815,51.5349454939022,51.5349868197486,51.5350339911873,51.5371626268331,51.537254641697,51.5379012833074,51.5379534362754,51.5380748238303,51.5381870522946,51.5382612325405,51.5383785559741,51.5387658043691,51.5391454725423,51.5394994519396,51.5395613900607,51.5395924282151,51.5396464605324,51.5397052886008,51.5397521704663,51.5397594757283,51.539784904264,51.5397926904102,51.5397933091299,51.5397929063358,51.5397920559741,51.5396146039827,51.5394767166221,51.5382771268123,51.5381996157342,51.5381543675483,51.5381062663036,51.5380387992387,51.5376322699843,51.5383826922363,51.5377928684696,51.5385973591516,51.5385651175327,51.5385030385752,51.5384133241923,51.5381198930797,51.5379883878833,51.5378905399305,51.5369001244485,51.5357794866656,51.5362189209256,51.5363043297789,51.5364032599441,51.5368586292672,51.5372812937002,51.5363621156099,51.5363611038893,51.5365193017063,51.536751876803,51.5371041731177,51.5372054062115,51.53726515607,51.5373101491532,51.5373485110754,51.5373910856555,51.5374187529702,51.537440846327,51.5374705618878,51.5375191431907,51.5346272409583,51.5333202369789,51.5312053201574,51.5250411001184,51.5252701807763,51.5239942834452,51.5240553629894,51.5240638685384,51.524060192715,51.5239957595937,51.5246418028463,51.5246882665357,51.5246229091363,51.5245415822002,51.5240260780606,51.5239488608122,51.5239074991753,51.5238781086844,51.5238701490726,51.5238778998001,51.5226484835626,51.5218880754033,51.5213477955626,51.5208172299913,51.5204397105202,51.5201403208356,51.5200822643413,51.5200410240228,51.5200044828107,51.5198152961155,51.5188848367814,51.5191469106287,51.5186943105288,51.5189330694953,51.5180210593297,51.5179494076993,51.5175617056484,51.5175464103904,51.517545837505,51.5175515781899,51.5175645540287,51.517597140101,51.5177281355759,51.5173639975772,51.517164620582,51.5167179922015,51.5169439429314,51.5170091355048,51.5170191621254,51.5170302480493,51.5171018798722,51.5165945513677,51.5164956096567,51.5164471047174,51.5161770165942,51.5160790850788,51.5159382734765,51.5144775414204,51.5141260346205,51.5134832308953,51.513462296885,51.5134389369109,51.5134342597848,51.5133899546883,51.5131247097973,51.5130719919931,51.5128597344136,51.5127087692476,51.5126521344013,51.5126614257306,51.512665231071,51.5126793355654,51.5127109993337,51.5128752052539,51.5129572629747,51.5130117840619,51.513144399878,51.5133715887808,51.5137765803566,51.5141518611142,51.5144610498467,51.5147155561685,51.5147905136155,51.5151442387934,51.5146279160214,51.514866633854,51.5147880496795,51.514598063987,51.5145052449987,51.5145393649956,51.5146712428806,51.5147155475113,51.5148407591101,51.5149634133317,51.5150183604607,51.5150251338202,51.5152260288338,51.5153806266667,51.5160400543908,51.5159864779962,51.5148203439119,51.5151469946228,51.5152174142986,51.5152983018929,51.5153330480016,51.5153380399993,51.5152835873165,51.5152229599901,51.5147944231786,51.5139600241667,51.5138254518724,51.5137913961781,51.5136849362033,51.5134734395637,51.5131954422792,51.5130360234332,51.5128883549021,51.5128297961315,51.5127969809219,51.5127692901735,51.5125149490259,51.5123301108989,51.512307034936,51.512277907036,51.5122651635785,51.5119667591017,51.512001749131,51.5119531233328,51.5117304947098,51.5116426757976,51.5114434756567,51.5113169506866,51.5109097899796,51.5107549197,51.5107519800121,51.5108114072474,51.5108020025571,51.5107375543465,51.5107249827591,51.5107007740232,51.5107670712317,51.5107260468222,51.5106814958236,51.5105745782929,51.5104442432423,51.5104078498269,51.5103970929549,51.5103177172036,51.5102300171303,51.5102190285186,51.5100395676041,51.5099533857072,51.5096938533036,51.5097430539132,51.5097378699656,51.5096936792413,51.5095937355255,51.50953933812,51.5095621049743,51.5095327981697,51.509501693991,51.5094637885609,51.5093216753058,51.5093436820168,51.5091285723659,51.5087663397673,51.5086009002745,51.5085273223649,51.5082954524154,51.5083417023891,51.5080507504572,51.5078567124323,51.5074088173005,51.507347406456,51.5072548914576,51.5072513198792,51.5072522646766,51.5072720823376,51.5071915266633,51.5071710650401,51.5069077828207,51.5068709599179,51.5067881454837,51.5066065028133,51.5064386619824,51.5064449071572,51.5064001585279,51.5060024915767,51.5060155344366,51.5057855469069,51.5055228615984,51.5052518346545,51.5047593221803,51.5043384256807,51.5040164050026,51.503999399305,51.5039061458984,51.5024722021384,51.5018412250946,51.5018226753858,51.5011885644112,51.5011425256055,51.5008859455188,51.5006505647341,51.5006349872847,51.5005704447385,51.5005067087114,51.5004733434637,51.4981149239305,51.4961371443478,51.4960556421417,51.4958044534219,51.4956191672592,51.4947986852785,51.4947067213551,51.493697219248,51.4930334958632,51.4929628023391,51.4927121197739,51.4925878267564,51.4918189319404,51.4916441742203,51.4915071603906,51.4913321251155,51.4911184456751,51.4903207826721,51.4900757174548,51.4898084611411,51.4897183836906,51.4896823660904,51.489644804043,51.4895563586763,51.4895275532491,51.489286264981,51.4890829731742,51.4884136681131,51.4882262803204,51.488213790861,51.4880906476364,51.4878212340987,51.4878184203192,51.487815606519,51.4863616828399,51.4862818766233,51.4862145140241,51.4861080413558,51.4859895602242,51.485900161502,51.4858138710995,51.4858078325884,51.4856976625669,51.4855004131375,51.4854193816717,51.4853854734429,51.485276192104,51.4852744634625,51.4851855583714,51.4853129292113,51.4851281050153,51.4850343913895,51.4849415051191,51.4849122109597,51.4848931675316,51.4848134532127,51.4848055718887,51.4848010631565,51.4848024794784,51.4848182764862,51.4848457493163,51.4848728811252,51.4849248385504,51.4851896177919,51.4852874465948,51.4854070455552,51.4854270244483,51.4854425098252,51.485463037797,51.4854946101006,51.4856309202603,51.4856703862749,51.4856885877458,51.4856257990011,51.4856013925215,51.4855634872066,51.4856963428251,51.4857853120505,51.4858742358322,51.4859013223537,51.4861188935521,51.4861382531301,51.4861881803278,51.4862052325084,51.4862170743781,51.4862263338108,51.4862275278499,51.4862144793391,51.4861975407543,51.4861686214178,51.486208718545,51.4861910118824,51.4860869339421,51.486062147195,51.4860177840361,51.4859861386303,51.4859155346721,51.4858662790246,51.4858336312379,51.4857631934878,51.4857262794872,51.4855737766514,51.4855310035404,51.4854842186522]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.142415881006558,-0.142501030797427,-0.142536491732009,-0.142224516478278,-0.141890202569618,-0.141670491574708,-0.141541451009308,-0.141303437710259,-0.141202057802073,-0.141197279648517,-0.141145612425643,-0.141111787658669,-0.141036305843825,-0.140690308365341,-0.14068164481597,-0.140670891832684,-0.140667384989428,-0.140672981555935,-0.140682573825803,-0.140816937110218,-0.140817266536634,-0.140802884325849,-0.140755314917982,-0.140718791936926,-0.140622603546761,-0.140592691824904,-0.140597506691602,-0.140638819059633,-0.140659053474364,-0.140699094474202,-0.140805275155435,-0.140996580622733,-0.141018109283277,-0.141043302679164,-0.141043240988706,-0.141032182216857,-0.141077863935089,-0.141056431153774,-0.141031590353402,-0.141005943410488,-0.140937800944196,-0.140884321136182,-0.140804071249631,-0.140702232063821,-0.140529124705522,-0.139693035224613,-0.139451093461727,-0.139267809779572,-0.138515281916148,-0.138394434283573,-0.137445614683876,-0.137384266604767,-0.137272379403083,-0.13717894952942,-0.13701742479802,-0.136544149109666,-0.13591279950435,-0.135474818664507,-0.135337594930336,-0.135255968183567,-0.135204173599614,-0.135147164143671,-0.135089227836075,-0.134883424418701,-0.134722445380085,-0.134639481535653,-0.134379545100974,-0.134005060841134,-0.133250486225784,-0.132161839674472,-0.131840732202357,-0.131354913736951,-0.131244982587744,-0.131027115163055,-0.130925607850139,-0.130879065802476,-0.130837363982543,-0.130814143476399,-0.130762018457591,-0.130714495487674,-0.130344870235105,-0.130162847563555,-0.13002552769981,-0.129834688260511,-0.129350007314999,-0.129347124530419,-0.129137592123756,-0.128235731042259,-0.127972394100059,-0.127781754030544,-0.127699443582272,-0.127609889675736,-0.127268638604243,-0.127204105619686,-0.127173131885963,-0.127138978207029,-0.127088637738488,-0.126888229439867,-0.12665369245887,-0.126509391853384,-0.126395659313426,-0.126361950176798,-0.126155334267936,-0.12599407699568,-0.125909697405353,-0.125938516506039,-0.125900560326803,-0.125827201019105,-0.125741164753912,-0.125689972869206,-0.125479478539465,-0.125266808372827,-0.125093200182192,-0.125086251733335,-0.12500890622097,-0.124861094222693,-0.124297613672376,-0.124050336957998,-0.123734371749593,-0.123378024644622,-0.123176280451748,-0.123075520511935,-0.12272443836027,-0.122606985467736,-0.122520976356958,-0.122400724785628,-0.122352307278812,-0.122340604054314,-0.122329122819241,-0.122338704102011,-0.122341030660235,-0.122340403315935,-0.122360522142287,-0.122464719851335,-0.122563452971613,-0.122553265107461,-0.122556113049131,-0.121995523906944,-0.121218885239303,-0.119895987894153,-0.119011421037366,-0.118141158591545,-0.117557690913294,-0.117102934308749,-0.116532520664817,-0.116052924025181,-0.1160166880765,-0.115943332060229,-0.115880247197116,-0.115841099094965,-0.115807015470925,-0.115783314149998,-0.115726922909826,-0.115680264420048,-0.11556976348858,-0.11552873769624,-0.115476112151255,-0.115432421413322,-0.115303556683591,-0.114705667403184,-0.114494835383188,-0.113824851888912,-0.113760400661362,-0.113625356606437,-0.113437713776847,-0.112949388983406,-0.113224671473578,-0.113735337654034,-0.11425342179999,-0.114206816346068,-0.114103165008543,-0.113880834858294,-0.113679656167517,-0.113612148880428,-0.113506859725837,-0.113212170965062,-0.112563048219487,-0.112357917145219,-0.112194220247546,-0.111885071783423,-0.111201357912202,-0.110602557799403,-0.109985219809988,-0.109809631003374,-0.10960467311539,-0.109481577706053,-0.1093216609607,-0.109244466628781,-0.10899126745988,-0.108966752160185,-0.10875833635703,-0.10860216878104,-0.10833695578676,-0.108285741772481,-0.108274441011435,-0.107020549148219,-0.106647748219447,-0.106501627746717,-0.106352529031939,-0.106165063664447,-0.106036470718735,-0.105884415279116,-0.10548951763617,-0.105349923289653,-0.105837359341725,-0.106199873885832,-0.106531131797356,-0.107049293021372,-0.107406188855007,-0.107591391006849,-0.107826646104367,-0.108191685838847,-0.10903384549072,-0.109532285560698,-0.110476002325436,-0.111626484179056,-0.112339142515622,-0.113029796095814,-0.113821071839928,-0.113812548325567,-0.113786977862585,-0.113742430012431,-0.11371913133018,-0.113448621712555,-0.112860897630063,-0.11215391548118,-0.112133313578149,-0.111868761143522,-0.111606814954749,-0.111687732808344,-0.111707906350371,-0.112325233052086,-0.112307966611989,-0.113859293860586,-0.11468598723881,-0.114718366080205,-0.117276474070387,-0.117617223503495,-0.118379286714726,-0.118405508587872,-0.118623962185677,-0.118657841186778,-0.118700472890899,-0.118853629857244,-0.11932170376564,-0.119493176283105,-0.120346897393076,-0.121316247961204,-0.121843397667666,-0.12209822949033,-0.122894192447536,-0.123380024793705,-0.123584880950591,-0.12397726975416,-0.124492964067321,-0.125262138038102,-0.12619825769088,-0.126668765450667,-0.126867326636922,-0.126944505361675,-0.127042990090057,-0.127177991045854,-0.12727873166272,-0.127352810674775,-0.127452408670868,-0.127602673155178,-0.127714204833264,-0.127989047781049,-0.128272909750902,-0.128364426985142,-0.128869508373046,-0.128997401922354,-0.129008739974038,-0.12912019739449,-0.129361463501879,-0.129689672967984,-0.129852548059181,-0.13043841609463,-0.130471565280648,-0.130466114061374,-0.130372900384501,-0.130369472856184,-0.130427397671815,-0.130831814913578,-0.131076890071506,-0.131114818301953,-0.131162792423058,-0.131586326946513,-0.13247477548678,-0.132568930419663,-0.133004706726135,-0.133622567196582,-0.133867185012613,-0.133910315825321,-0.13394255568256,-0.133977382491427,-0.134013392592561,-0.134070421110412,-0.134474009614734,-0.13434280120238,-0.135258286800735,-0.135851796445352,-0.136321947136129,-0.137033157371586,-0.138035886922184,-0.138170871098403,-0.138206857720262,-0.138255625541467,-0.138344067490447,-0.138736900605656,-0.139179887377623,-0.139804034023297,-0.140473926503575,-0.141415963227077,-0.142901144036028,-0.143093184030647,-0.143311974152749,-0.14352124348559,-0.143521002786906,-0.143513537606399,-0.143414726580513,-0.143496470808722,-0.143989710702594,-0.144179003205598,-0.144154815619383,-0.144646645682092,-0.144708482687922,-0.144852982830852,-0.145198552321867,-0.145815598878895,-0.147195842738457,-0.14992283102557,-0.150885298265325,-0.151481176416183,-0.152732436524032,-0.153416453870501,-0.153928112481956,-0.154181350326848,-0.154423277681548,-0.154746557595262,-0.154994684546225,-0.155221449794836,-0.155481976228795,-0.155849441531381,-0.157579594041988,-0.15863150541849,-0.1594381615381,-0.159445330378009,-0.160486835217735,-0.161919867347132,-0.163390237356192,-0.163619160448262,-0.163792745226817,-0.164961075174877,-0.166582893485816,-0.168044191560813,-0.168206090325869,-0.16845027364138,-0.169044131048258,-0.169261156030793,-0.169436030731126,-0.169542887017973,-0.170890244332954,-0.171981257188363,-0.173510971795143,-0.174035439655837,-0.17409474471006,-0.174123101300231,-0.17414147822684,-0.174152796062991,-0.173921648853743,-0.175790769494294,-0.17829858442891,-0.178353347829828,-0.178379288389096,-0.178571103840707,-0.178764647452515,-0.1790382071282,-0.179088969921379,-0.179312914226571,-0.179752197365744,-0.18003699093421,-0.180180989926901,-0.1804199529174,-0.181600661096019,-0.182749207874515,-0.183873523195251,-0.184078629609818,-0.184224338583977,-0.184468173927297,-0.184643157614281,-0.184701469788078,-0.18539338109459,-0.185490767572745,-0.187751221121209,-0.187841049456651,-0.18790180784115,-0.187978082434233,-0.188583331763713,-0.188773585175777,-0.189059142731784,-0.189216182791447,-0.189324764576995,-0.189425592334303,-0.189556574533773,-0.189669644190361,-0.189835674899122,-0.19040617218486,-0.190825388423809,-0.191082183920034,-0.191284507043934,-0.191427732843279,-0.191483522125869,-0.192462486244892,-0.192650587008638,-0.193755575219978,-0.195442191329178,-0.196391447558528,-0.196539487669122,-0.196692242913947,-0.196855158305484,-0.197796486915674,-0.198874653757356,-0.198876095004917,-0.199405903487094,-0.201228997636206,-0.201931838038752,-0.201958266863474,-0.20272246986189,-0.20321809402436,-0.203589429303565,-0.203736552976979,-0.204272371214599,-0.205136467387009,-0.2057674720151,-0.206336808220783,-0.206813747681064,-0.207254248438303,-0.207309293919007,-0.207562928131721,-0.207973945667937,-0.208601915386492,-0.2091721058982,-0.209756681464636,-0.210318348591523,-0.210749515736036,-0.211280292260074,-0.211430171517426,-0.211729967514755,-0.211941059513216,-0.212380048576633,-0.212491185904601,-0.21280793287146,-0.21289927931977,-0.2132391712601,-0.21346240525241,-0.213501363117314,-0.213285319323126,-0.213000283650929,-0.212511748455117,-0.212129439791493,-0.21169772237359,-0.21124687852563,-0.210844630077308,-0.210031158006928,-0.210026974027358,-0.209566493317584,-0.209538577096314,-0.209237166915551,-0.208856362843739,-0.208845147222668,-0.208334029620933,-0.208038367454926,-0.207522785055855,-0.206991447375961,-0.206496043020589,-0.206335901825987,-0.206215640632906,-0.206089577256377,-0.205992276867574,-0.205966149647765,-0.205893866922465,-0.20589799620958,-0.205903425708287,-0.205865409179887,-0.205877555193832,-0.205837425570728,-0.205815267913235,-0.205779120466556,-0.205346615652161,-0.205104621102037,-0.204975880266507,-0.20478934040396,-0.204310814019473,-0.204082136983353,-0.203948937619088,-0.203676772031354,-0.203347743839881,-0.202790673297245,-0.201850200466337,-0.201648851248015,-0.201338312920117,-0.200981841009886,-0.200551452267322,-0.200169253281652,-0.199991607657849,-0.199410043942753,-0.199464126536513,-0.199484957564976,-0.199501898181465,-0.199517565901497,-0.199604120356709,-0.199669249571492,-0.199675699582656,-0.19967367683673,-0.199660262414608,-0.199624122282022,-0.199498094606404,-0.199126239032266,-0.199052306774677,-0.198906735619305,-0.19879129834346,-0.198639022061463,-0.198580344229701,-0.198533271169692,-0.198507646534196,-0.198499017366628,-0.198500103828517,-0.198479166063002,-0.198231075947562,-0.198229634184465,-0.197984674281006,-0.197623271048067,-0.197564250449301,-0.197346747655628,-0.197034300487128,-0.196817790890171,-0.196680273824528,-0.196766361983845,-0.196817476891547,-0.196842644359842,-0.19693210651446,-0.196944585016122,-0.196922540506125,-0.196903748117593,-0.196918712657358,-0.196919621285461,-0.196813104705793,-0.196750790874219,-0.196649310624145,-0.196594667704257,-0.196243946890923,-0.196124845136566,-0.19595810878671,-0.195594805028179,-0.195348378930915,-0.195077781350578,-0.194852005137339,-0.194612131717607,-0.194612826848974,-0.194569021068512,-0.194481818290482,-0.194402749893686,-0.194301733727536,-0.194279821649871,-0.194110327680844,-0.193982236874729,-0.193852775792493,-0.193788819671964,-0.193615782206007,-0.192980519620864,-0.192320004437164,-0.191747039383658,-0.191406515272388,-0.191140340407698,-0.190960104942282,-0.190766408050286,-0.190663068086933,-0.190618716008472,-0.190515036495342,-0.190405201585453,-0.190371226555404,-0.190144608283544,-0.190160428595275,-0.190143070390611,-0.190021488473088,-0.190018826422111,-0.189997154884331,-0.189935230382091,-0.189900360011681,-0.189847407838962,-0.189643378402645,-0.189495991660818,-0.189422943895181,-0.189364972089387,-0.189311240683042,-0.189252134048403,-0.189187616508182,-0.189149661261221,-0.188701259375126,-0.188384820323114,-0.188415007731734,-0.18809345091538,-0.187918604403378,-0.187813316976565,-0.187728681649852,-0.187529843889691,-0.18744675751984,-0.187391104466374,-0.187277712853212,-0.187192898246747,-0.187016810342974,-0.186776593290015,-0.186721987991138,-0.186643810050383,-0.186564297235449,-0.186484784280905,-0.18647011394606,-0.186421562347075,-0.186371568694813,-0.186321610753865,-0.18627168852727,-0.18622036001279,-0.186167589445911,-0.18611489036498,-0.185681892178961,-0.185241467127211,-0.184750666403697,-0.184194875675629,-0.184008148814741,-0.183811408522525,-0.183481832505599,-0.183718919300307,-0.183567514704273,-0.183493254362695,-0.182210678020822,-0.182132098090761,-0.182000106107711,-0.181890059119457,-0.181828201606646,-0.181710935871843,-0.180918745732617,-0.180833813610361,-0.180974606975224,-0.180752453590255,-0.180515448781098,-0.180181177985309,-0.179724628904107,-0.179087247607361,-0.179061253985987,-0.179007824646885,-0.178955765577569,-0.178902264407275,-0.17884869140322,-0.178796560484424,-0.178744357723688,-0.17869211903184,-0.17863984440576,-0.178588975938524,-0.178538107451474,-0.178487167102338,-0.178437632904247,-0.178388062757782,-0.178385178562891,-0.178370613894669,-0.178357455398231,-0.178342890725581,-0.178328326050816,-0.178313761373935,-0.178299160770033,-0.178284596088629,-0.178271437577912,-0.178258243139018,-0.178245048697137,-0.178233296351028,-0.178222950174714,-0.178211161896488,-0.178200779787522,-0.178190397675346,-0.178179979632635,-0.178171039613838,-0.178162063664563,-0.178153087712135,-0.178145517929256,-0.178137948143395,-0.178131820455884,-0.178125692765941,-0.178119601002175,-0.178114915409636,-0.17811163598885,-0.178106950392738,-0.178105113071813,-0.178101833646699,-0.178099996323766,-0.178099637033028,-0.178099241812999,-0.178100288697303,-0.178101335582008,-0.178078358370704,-0.177695062010472,-0.177678044248188,-0.177386370905165,-0.176953812125973,-0.176514319651131,-0.175993022664532,-0.175924665574917,-0.175933599415306,-0.175192782018679,-0.175157405848761,-0.17488788154988,-0.174406904116158,-0.174351423414044,-0.17426140675537,-0.174106138018045,-0.173995643256281,-0.173851547960614,-0.173853539806975,-0.173730962087429,-0.173739592128894,-0.173743565778181,-0.173651861424396,-0.173548145011186,-0.173506722228513,-0.173461369186186,-0.173443199122646,-0.173376827573649,-0.173307607572411,-0.173295566156545,-0.173223497655923,-0.173149986794835,-0.173073699516416,-0.172694636932883,-0.172296174155066,-0.17209081171531,-0.171843049772249,-0.171811105868876,-0.171697030610583,-0.171358480996698,-0.171285290636148,-0.171008608687262,-0.170504566126702,-0.169946979958326,-0.169913485023669,-0.16914847658363,-0.168448330495342,-0.167373031807514,-0.167107164220429,-0.166853629405315,-0.166595483105598,-0.166321116070508,-0.166214295401422,-0.165956512422034,-0.165889810698426,-0.16577111833178,-0.1656335740724,-0.165271273441427,-0.164912039239224,-0.164894877991308,-0.164857707362073,-0.164820572941193,-0.164783402341506,-0.164746267951614,-0.164709097381474,-0.164671890628918,-0.164633241723429,-0.16459448423646,-0.164560017056032,-0.164473704330627,-0.16438728302517,-0.164300825532582,-0.164263329245814,-0.164176799358118,-0.164090233268932,-0.164003594763178,-0.163384827144251,-0.16260835550138,-0.161552911912002,-0.161494717535026,-0.161401693498899,-0.161308741923803,-0.161215862820854,-0.161123019934043,-0.16102877109826,-0.160933188860029,-0.160839085032276,-0.160820264263224,-0.160791312021919,-0.160760917606814,-0.160731929085264,-0.160701534664071,-0.160671176516164,-0.160642260537981,-0.160611938664193,-0.160583058961303,-0.16055280964356,-0.160545598787601,-0.160515385751345,-0.160485208998014,-0.160455032249074,-0.160424891785426,-0.160394787608836,-0.160366125609319,-0.16033749989879,-0.160331767501041,-0.160303178082672,-0.160274624956737,-0.160246071840524,-0.160218997187983,-0.160191922545686,-0.160166326367984,-0.15981360448335,-0.158862787285178,-0.156981423617426,-0.155391323001349,-0.153933217704961,-0.152706247313435,-0.151177331232014,-0.150350754842312,-0.150113697132124,-0.149775724964313,-0.149543159376401,-0.149162751166224,-0.14806753865107,-0.147096666420971,-0.146119448939136,-0.145128753727885,-0.144602694860356,-0.144417164702107,-0.144153419037327,-0.14385543073456,-0.142418012893595,-0.142412354607208,-0.142415881006558],"lat":[51.5691202668882,51.5690137056909,51.5689225442649,51.5686820038445,51.5683170133174,51.5676894593661,51.5672800585809,51.5661108694858,51.5656956116313,51.5656712563693,51.565416851255,51.5653263910674,51.5651606337104,51.5645877290024,51.5645525212232,51.564462426477,51.5643715473072,51.5643050919653,51.5642467931303,51.5638532549713,51.5636329454979,51.563525707617,51.5633478028651,51.5632528035489,51.5630642366381,51.5628425486671,51.5625476729959,51.5622776552594,51.5622060363927,51.5621086533064,51.5619107036557,51.5614650120493,51.5613970105983,51.5612391428083,51.5611699000452,51.5610519238764,51.560710035649,51.5605280487903,51.5604296376269,51.560350997054,51.5602177285266,51.5601494378588,51.5600654358354,51.5599801924023,51.5598029957931,51.5585847551629,51.5582562916355,51.558010589092,51.5570085840267,51.5568591905219,51.5556841062357,51.5555968048078,51.5554754289197,51.5553966104915,51.5552897334175,51.5550457161254,51.5548576364988,51.5547032008725,51.5546371736627,51.5545873171035,51.5545487255852,51.5544965624727,51.5544317951609,51.5541380674215,51.5539475659327,51.5538599193503,51.5536201839984,51.5533597421406,51.5528351685492,51.5521209264907,51.5519665390888,51.5517133081798,51.5516504084898,51.5515111518746,51.5514187109342,51.5513577199584,51.5512842166239,51.55121730244,51.5508702620593,51.5506572827032,51.5498924287712,51.5496179553924,51.5494844767331,51.5493195704017,51.5489692303079,51.5489691843432,51.5488381501721,51.5484262980332,51.5483060935326,51.548171761347,51.5481039035044,51.5480368292475,51.5477418248877,51.547662560238,51.5476090102002,51.5475275327187,51.5474538900475,51.5469956712978,51.5461043690544,51.5456146724942,51.5451884112365,51.5450610789365,51.5441927024285,51.5435543582396,51.5431861170814,51.5430462947317,51.5429170958996,51.542736973574,51.5424793133102,51.5421107028708,51.5417584312932,51.5414591801917,51.541192026665,51.541115479486,51.5408570582246,51.5405939135914,51.539813350123,51.5395144425504,51.5392378163323,51.5388913010742,51.5386425786226,51.5384979859461,51.5379186472698,51.5376191161383,51.5373614535799,51.5368847252629,51.536309329862,51.5360681436518,51.535821565486,51.5355186717107,51.5345861869671,51.5345663934299,51.5340424527963,51.5327366111148,51.5311078508197,51.5308298194279,51.5307255519734,51.5307894177393,51.5308480222188,51.5309374346623,51.530746101477,51.530557688801,51.5304071446188,51.5302820441078,51.530094835017,51.5298731116716,51.5298428544092,51.5297688368811,51.5296904880243,51.529626012383,51.5295436330511,51.5294542264672,51.52872492707,51.5283186151765,51.5279571394574,51.5278683537273,51.5277811801263,51.5277220268451,51.5275958597057,51.5272022713081,51.5270711888052,51.5266782354254,51.5266331356934,51.5265869006973,51.5265227338091,51.526408767201,51.5262360428225,51.5258791595275,51.5255169977782,51.5254586963913,51.5252807765616,51.5249049114155,51.5246103186499,51.5245345950832,51.5244312862712,51.5242368042073,51.5237938205528,51.5236996950945,51.5236494002499,51.5235607938452,51.5233969132327,51.5232712657728,51.5231408202658,51.5230993229712,51.5230708408838,51.5230149017886,51.5229430817505,51.5229274493943,51.5230195877409,51.5229850208986,51.5226921011927,51.522460273561,51.5221466536113,51.5220954694765,51.5220898917006,51.5221892630408,51.5216895558655,51.5214938576327,51.5212657379967,51.5209200957278,51.520684213452,51.520284287967,51.5191367571904,51.5185409947628,51.5183959942896,51.5182741539851,51.5181760878434,51.5180198880693,51.5178943563686,51.5178424901352,51.5177653527299,51.5177910246711,51.5178855378118,51.517926844972,51.5180751412422,51.5182078746157,51.5182625102648,51.5182916084764,51.5182575745493,51.5182196688536,51.5181059517624,51.5179631533752,51.5179340025893,51.517643689442,51.5170425261569,51.5162236194747,51.5161990080284,51.515799977237,51.5153380399993,51.5153330480016,51.5152983018929,51.5152174142986,51.5151469946228,51.5148203439119,51.5159864779962,51.5160400543908,51.5153806266667,51.5152260288338,51.5150251338202,51.5150183604607,51.5149634133317,51.5148407591101,51.5147155475113,51.5146712428806,51.5145393649956,51.5145052449987,51.514598063987,51.5147880496795,51.514866633854,51.5146279160214,51.5151442387934,51.5147905136155,51.5147155561685,51.5144610498467,51.5141518611142,51.5137765803566,51.5133715887808,51.513144399878,51.5130117840619,51.5129572629747,51.5128752052539,51.5127109993337,51.5126793355654,51.512665231071,51.5126614257306,51.5126521344013,51.5127087692476,51.5128597344136,51.5130719919931,51.5131247097973,51.5133899546883,51.5134342597848,51.5134389369109,51.513462296885,51.5134832308953,51.5141260346205,51.5144775414204,51.5159382734765,51.5160790850788,51.5161770165942,51.5164471047174,51.5164956096567,51.5165945513677,51.5171018798722,51.5170302480493,51.5170191621254,51.5170091355048,51.5169439429314,51.5167179922015,51.517164620582,51.5173639975772,51.5177281355759,51.517597140101,51.5175645540287,51.5175515781899,51.517545837505,51.5175464103904,51.5175617056484,51.5179494076993,51.5180210593297,51.5189330694953,51.5186943105288,51.5191469106287,51.5188848367814,51.5198152961155,51.5200044828107,51.5200410240228,51.5200822643413,51.5201403208356,51.5204397105202,51.5208172299913,51.5213477955626,51.5218880754033,51.5226484835626,51.5238778998001,51.5238701490726,51.5238781086844,51.5239074991753,51.5239488608122,51.5240260780606,51.5245415822002,51.5246229091363,51.5246882665357,51.5246418028463,51.5239957595937,51.524060192715,51.5240638685384,51.5240553629894,51.5239942834452,51.5252701807763,51.5250411001184,51.5312053201574,51.5333202369789,51.5346272409583,51.5375191431907,51.5374705618878,51.537440846327,51.5374187529702,51.5373910856555,51.5373485110754,51.5373101491532,51.53726515607,51.5372054062115,51.5371041731177,51.536751876803,51.5365193017063,51.5363611038893,51.5363621156099,51.5372812937002,51.5368586292672,51.5364032599441,51.5363043297789,51.5362189209256,51.5357794866656,51.5369001244485,51.5378905399305,51.5379883878833,51.5381198930797,51.5384133241923,51.5385030385752,51.5385651175327,51.5385973591516,51.5377928684696,51.5383826922363,51.5376322699843,51.5380387992387,51.5381062663036,51.5381543675483,51.5381996157342,51.5382771268123,51.5394767166221,51.5396146039827,51.5397920559741,51.5397929063358,51.5397933091299,51.5397926904102,51.539784904264,51.5397594757283,51.5397521704663,51.5397052886008,51.5396464605324,51.5395924282151,51.5395613900607,51.5394994519396,51.5391454725423,51.5387658043691,51.5383785559741,51.5382612325405,51.5381870522946,51.5380748238303,51.5379534362754,51.5379012833074,51.537254641697,51.5371626268331,51.5350339911873,51.5349868197486,51.5349454939022,51.5348765311815,51.5345945239389,51.5345237236383,51.5347763229909,51.5348884546545,51.5349863495408,51.535061643596,51.5351401006564,51.5351975985797,51.5352649060294,51.5355317900255,51.5357594693534,51.5359378822304,51.5361082607612,51.5362417581968,51.5362893788329,51.5371290710511,51.5372947317929,51.5382667442603,51.5397377801691,51.5406030593135,51.5407249341343,51.540836989593,51.5409474025246,51.5417226239704,51.5426123434436,51.54261236557,51.5430368462015,51.5446034111747,51.5452859167442,51.5453106012458,51.5460102285804,51.5464989128711,51.5468112396464,51.5469573704577,51.5474880304536,51.5482898850008,51.5488948323111,51.5494179018812,51.5498334463555,51.5501854853828,51.5502528700671,51.5504419881767,51.5507737907466,51.5512374954932,51.5516301743538,51.5520608378281,51.5524506831873,51.5527845815327,51.5531901373366,51.5533039275691,51.5535306087751,51.5537019832078,51.5541313136714,51.5542400160512,51.5545865511368,51.5546481913448,51.5549564105539,51.5551495487198,51.5551861113603,51.5552880323824,51.5554203755552,51.555702488276,51.5559241703305,51.556154989718,51.5563216701457,51.556463012002,51.5567536478203,51.5567499870451,51.5563535917827,51.5563297856372,51.5560338330871,51.5557393654798,51.5557311011341,51.5558896563851,51.5559615764346,51.5560867882116,51.5562090592633,51.5563345748982,51.5563716933855,51.556385141938,51.5563994008955,51.5564158979767,51.5564199946799,51.556203971737,51.55613569284,51.5560710307727,51.5559373623429,51.5555553721785,51.5554387569262,51.5553053309642,51.5553074759237,51.5553377300995,51.5553655017464,51.5554111918501,51.5554227257023,51.5555592811925,51.5556151309182,51.5556274798676,51.5556520890251,51.5556920131379,51.5557716069915,51.555916362901,51.5559375564314,51.5559840529821,51.5560613177676,51.5561473395084,51.5561819430931,51.5561873111036,51.5561927756869,51.5562844286659,51.5563414003219,51.5564603596963,51.5565019650665,51.5566480705276,51.5568253205055,51.5568811722233,51.5569323977481,51.5569798515303,51.5570548329834,51.5572507314786,51.5577171246227,51.5577627502405,51.5578324548323,51.557906218787,51.5580360690566,51.5580972156139,51.5581567418376,51.5582210935406,51.5582569305673,51.5584484849088,51.5587592997221,51.5589407333711,51.5589407112318,51.5591158977676,51.5588792427345,51.5589125071502,51.5590134773996,51.5591075929569,51.5591833988338,51.5592316427539,51.5593894331963,51.5595925472469,51.5598681007873,51.5598676770798,51.5598804581612,51.5600365867876,51.5604022877777,51.5606075439345,51.5606210464626,51.5606149134211,51.5606948871867,51.5606708466415,51.5607392481288,51.5606700113466,51.5606537925991,51.5606017710898,51.5605224472747,51.5604790910134,51.5604632387943,51.5604813473091,51.5605639836204,51.5606557165882,51.5607053998953,51.5607580123772,51.5607873697811,51.5608244825224,51.5608313392199,51.5608853827216,51.56091398535,51.5608679299923,51.5608435653231,51.5609506086111,51.561180923716,51.5615385381844,51.561580067147,51.5615811136179,51.5616354610957,51.5617055207743,51.5618239314816,51.5619194557667,51.5620554560647,51.5623775830093,51.562636668256,51.5627656345825,51.5634950184641,51.5637506460814,51.5639697924238,51.5645245453818,51.5646279166813,51.5647013199048,51.5648073740028,51.5649588073023,51.5650569066186,51.5652533898084,51.5652951784695,51.565354300303,51.5654334379555,51.5654784699734,51.565513527403,51.5655395089233,51.5655506132848,51.5655787628299,51.5657717101591,51.5658108434441,51.5659146864282,51.5659938171007,51.5660290598827,51.5660529314376,51.5660822329139,51.5661034304777,51.5661241525172,51.5661817505845,51.5662101151758,51.5664654759883,51.5666281233298,51.5666587528639,51.5667016074266,51.5667417435943,51.5667818797066,51.5667879476435,51.5668114766948,51.5668349834381,51.5668575914742,51.5668793008032,51.566900089136,51.5669208551559,51.5669398237812,51.5670518291149,51.5671691134292,51.567246949579,51.5673624452662,51.5674135099357,51.5674985903789,51.5677668572973,51.5679728558386,51.5680064817793,51.5680233169986,51.5686697909636,51.5687225279428,51.5688481749116,51.5689300990732,51.568961513226,51.5690073558419,51.5694051306002,51.5694361865285,51.5696685741201,51.5696669286735,51.5696758433887,51.5696994355281,51.5697858751423,51.5699198644006,51.5699203602782,51.5699213296374,51.5699241187138,51.5699268853871,51.569931449398,51.5699360357657,51.5699424194722,51.5699497018363,51.569957882858,51.5699669849211,51.5699760869619,51.5699869863422,51.5699988067668,51.570011525851,51.5700114810781,51.5700148519358,51.5700191438593,51.5700225147135,51.5700258855659,51.5700292564164,51.5700335259459,51.5700368967928,51.5700411887064,51.5700463792994,51.5700515698908,51.5700567828691,51.5700629169154,51.5700690285721,51.5700760612971,51.5700830940211,51.5700910254249,51.5700980805362,51.5701060343274,51.5701139881179,51.5701228629779,51.5701317378373,51.5701406350858,51.5701495323339,51.5701575309011,51.5701664505384,51.570176291246,51.5701852108829,51.5701950739802,51.5702049146875,51.5702147777847,51.5702237645913,51.5702336500784,51.5702435579556,51.5702534658328,51.5704311583055,51.5702732352672,51.570265777082,51.5701983004642,51.5701897826667,51.5700660529758,51.5698951889071,51.5698725446161,51.569793550475,51.5695554243066,51.5694298799621,51.5694220912826,51.5692536456495,51.5693058375946,51.5693916632641,51.5695214355057,51.5696141362428,51.5697171048502,51.5699194646283,51.5699175569838,51.5702423165745,51.5704312185996,51.5707750991136,51.5709866044661,51.5710480072105,51.5710994571364,51.571120756044,51.5711925612654,51.5712634228699,51.5712758247687,51.5713457427431,51.5714156382191,51.5714827927078,51.5716873125032,51.5719077152258,51.5719189042999,51.572051728974,51.5721285658619,51.5722382942171,51.5724038744244,51.5724297110323,51.5725279121952,51.5726459484968,51.5727676438312,51.572775214619,51.5728514069096,51.5728935362794,51.5729702690527,51.5729787060243,51.5729675517845,51.572927549286,51.5728603155675,51.5727894048913,51.5727404142587,51.5727483641403,51.5727572998205,51.572732668827,51.5726631587879,51.5725891993774,51.5725853340478,51.5725766596003,51.5725670864677,51.572558411997,51.572548838841,51.5725401643471,51.572532388515,51.5725245901151,51.5725194877232,51.5725153516634,51.5725086061639,51.5725045566214,51.5725014056888,51.5725008191152,51.5724994654381,51.5724990103704,51.5725003525854,51.5725284378571,51.5725666400384,51.5726876931103,51.5726993707387,51.5727158980709,51.572730627985,51.5727435604811,51.5727555942315,51.5727667066356,51.5727751003469,51.5727826179112,51.572784121415,51.5727863653632,51.5727885867004,51.5727917293055,51.5727939506272,51.5727952732695,51.5727966185093,51.5727970424647,51.5727974890184,51.5727961156156,51.5727960025832,51.5727937304994,51.5727905597364,51.5727873889657,51.5727833195158,51.5727783513869,51.5727734058591,51.572767561653,51.5727665725452,51.5727598296594,51.5727521880955,51.5727445465246,51.5727360288861,51.5727275112415,51.5727181175306,51.5725902901479,51.5721931987854,51.5720764391785,51.5719300570258,51.5718028154377,51.571705272499,51.571616448426,51.5715737475047,51.5715124591985,51.5713065998886,51.5712058146122,51.5710856114994,51.5708003579202,51.5706159740798,51.5704458697781,51.5702170934963,51.5701305427331,51.5700799492008,51.5700011411082,51.5699127983444,51.5692803658388,51.5692775785376,51.5691202668882]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.0793794679952908,-0.0793450658328605,-0.0792433132778058,-0.0791027549534167,-0.0790548282792321,-0.0790471062324555,-0.07887132945488,-0.0787364332869772,-0.0787212763552402,-0.0787369282447463,-0.0787909331361159,-0.0787483081921752,-0.0790892798592161,-0.0790992470989345,-0.0790492293600214,-0.0789625214053599,-0.0788825890062166,-0.0785441684989222,-0.0785152152122937,-0.0785022608992913,-0.0783982081493266,-0.078166787953061,-0.0779632893376501,-0.0777894969809648,-0.0775781067686937,-0.0770781588534066,-0.0769192153049312,-0.0768826844426672,-0.0768865170161536,-0.0768939908941509,-0.0768954331090376,-0.0765587463298985,-0.076285614490146,-0.0762764388450584,-0.0761725600335151,-0.0761509201905723,-0.0760821198057568,-0.0757814386890466,-0.0757762070610501,-0.0757585016575725,-0.0756992285896379,-0.0756935817364355,-0.0756408644135954,-0.0756214223397679,-0.0755840919508136,-0.0755665834244084,-0.0754118867349699,-0.074834519324432,-0.0746180847022504,-0.0744215088260629,-0.0741969268839624,-0.0740496180799881,-0.0738330695955609,-0.0735211699505754,-0.0731407510723234,-0.072990978731522,-0.072914234425376,-0.0728354042122366,-0.072781056805717,-0.0727597183896207,-0.0727493259301498,-0.0727640256061321,-0.0727712242837251,-0.0728271564621701,-0.0729165549395869,-0.0729835553082207,-0.0730440363017684,-0.0730632102891492,-0.0731430901776385,-0.0732674651134013,-0.0733892690211323,-0.0733919219669636,-0.0734873889167792,-0.0736641909438215,-0.0739691045271914,-0.0743065798380701,-0.0744420409548168,-0.074813823405628,-0.0751461155995787,-0.0764340393791842,-0.0768191905377155,-0.0768576649037952,-0.0768769210408802,-0.0769181247724686,-0.0773705103229474,-0.0774029974183903,-0.0776433394817361,-0.0776863310482862,-0.0777341332611016,-0.0778032007014793,-0.0779658605104961,-0.0781469115757869,-0.0780482086537291,-0.0780826659079651,-0.0783344307488403,-0.0794297679793971,-0.0791736309902736,-0.0789900830164836,-0.0788405955223366,-0.0788432873400365,-0.0788109988139041,-0.0787305892848478,-0.0784714989901411,-0.0784528135681574,-0.0782365019386912,-0.0779228606541731,-0.0771314330910912,-0.0767179388606556,-0.0764539010805481,-0.0761871114605987,-0.0761634208893119,-0.0760795370328528,-0.0760145685720931,-0.07586313589412,-0.0758384217773724,-0.0758152617524103,-0.0757704956607028,-0.0757272882234803,-0.0757186477875529,-0.075776504773504,-0.0759154570792695,-0.0764430828692708,-0.0765605363683075,-0.0766013463939545,-0.0766292608494441,-0.0766425373187151,-0.076640457636826,-0.0766356481458915,-0.0765396617851449,-0.0763572079411812,-0.0763153638733536,-0.0772533170276193,-0.0768885364894057,-0.0763495131690883,-0.076039205975887,-0.0756803672168023,-0.075635327443339,-0.0754784840453982,-0.0753184175354619,-0.0749322357210175,-0.0746496634404512,-0.0743736086375631,-0.0741706135214572,-0.0740450776114171,-0.0737730001640364,-0.0731491444664572,-0.0729224106256887,-0.072787924579839,-0.0722654485239092,-0.0719265233782881,-0.0716333227280287,-0.0712324811621416,-0.0705313117840919,-0.0699146563933718,-0.0692959553480491,-0.0679957197980599,-0.0673088773025682,-0.0663132818583332,-0.0661789719332997,-0.0658962503080176,-0.0656236596175847,-0.065364176403,-0.0651402946467993,-0.0651103490333893,-0.0649807318040677,-0.0632631349891491,-0.0626747132097853,-0.0622380443817036,-0.0623141808912635,-0.06245756146081,-0.0625711523781979,-0.0627166360343566,-0.062754138948088,-0.0628380602001606,-0.0628503284679396,-0.0627966832079861,-0.0626641805958108,-0.0624704334773673,-0.0620951667226883,-0.0617015421562737,-0.0613410913741274,-0.0609386125695339,-0.0606831916439668,-0.0606551380365017,-0.0604604609815163,-0.0603712522872703,-0.0601992374010285,-0.0599097214448177,-0.059684728326365,-0.0593558022445841,-0.0590633451541702,-0.0587538152191519,-0.0581126701116175,-0.0575659949088571,-0.0572999686772776,-0.0568150795307674,-0.0562119437475241,-0.0556483334691501,-0.055425196554523,-0.0552474927873734,-0.0552402883294353,-0.0552257261997168,-0.0550387402816159,-0.0548638176750106,-0.0547036337113635,-0.0543899635569778,-0.0541411105407796,-0.0538568103390698,-0.0534668430424416,-0.0530158934595942,-0.0528360675901365,-0.0528099014630887,-0.0527108733675247,-0.0525817059608839,-0.0523945939803683,-0.052142195514783,-0.0518797258544417,-0.0517651464712763,-0.0516039582684983,-0.0514285906284435,-0.0509568720366007,-0.0508092059977941,-0.0506547191699535,-0.0504990985725379,-0.0503581561185097,-0.0502490678087521,-0.0499183254603088,-0.0496255474222156,-0.049551426021299,-0.0492995519451368,-0.0489018203146133,-0.0485864546856649,-0.0485146980363245,-0.048428494029586,-0.048310705619068,-0.0481866540740136,-0.0480793168513998,-0.0479917678687259,-0.0478536335937185,-0.0475748114002997,-0.0473277844441899,-0.0471595070813359,-0.0469232768274565,-0.0459826314088135,-0.0449262794998573,-0.0448607071109111,-0.0447889859527289,-0.0447066392046949,-0.0446431011588687,-0.0442999280535345,-0.0439705596257117,-0.0438324542088806,-0.0437294548965901,-0.0435767401109554,-0.0434697798898746,-0.0423914104948979,-0.0414372349043811,-0.0411027059877436,-0.0407348502977221,-0.0401554967971121,-0.0391113523538649,-0.0386563049285759,-0.0379497598011524,-0.0375511791170602,-0.0375339075797831,-0.0374683741169156,-0.0373788554250846,-0.0372655623874342,-0.0371701629058197,-0.0371567292037753,-0.0377626801075587,-0.0367850118587683,-0.0358728340855019,-0.035149757809608,-0.0345371960603436,-0.034070013467758,-0.0338843762752997,-0.0337793886970375,-0.0336534107791605,-0.0334264491677781,-0.0333877000219078,-0.0332630690185987,-0.033173173623215,-0.0330625518686994,-0.0329204108913928,-0.0319949180916163,-0.0315140268142501,-0.0310650464113901,-0.0309507582246979,-0.03051672718009,-0.0299258041100434,-0.0296521695060485,-0.029474780687862,-0.0293862278867555,-0.0291557254777019,-0.0290162525281695,-0.0290069802767257,-0.0287174837199035,-0.0283869753496574,-0.0278432677146857,-0.0273778430845133,-0.0270511094318777,-0.026506655205091,-0.0258581688584779,-0.0257628235796505,-0.025707673987125,-0.0256595743246659,-0.0256127249975469,-0.0255429655440688,-0.0255056093101388,-0.0253485639507192,-0.0238635092354698,-0.0230707351730638,-0.0230835885046009,-0.0230098573863434,-0.0227529863936484,-0.0225534876997365,-0.0223716720543015,-0.0223550404213382,-0.0222974332767819,-0.0214567867704041,-0.0203520987952522,-0.0198933904696857,-0.0192281714248171,-0.0185558279202014,-0.017784367644796,-0.017421052321568,-0.017050531994022,-0.0168233082684128,-0.016764955636411,-0.0165715766344541,-0.0165681958066512,-0.0165402863723021,-0.0165020939200255,-0.0164548203813701,-0.0163123314194165,-0.0160925865784974,-0.0161142961911571,-0.0161958669539343,-0.0162079428004263,-0.0163420711274287,-0.0164365753926709,-0.0165153247784009,-0.0166349903755701,-0.0167872134540903,-0.0170046649489548,-0.0172338395873434,-0.0174612210494867,-0.0176226652918501,-0.0177517069994284,-0.0178018852028367,-0.0177694743347328,-0.0178119504561301,-0.0178795761889421,-0.0179459911500074,-0.0181067389320155,-0.0183110281969801,-0.0186465675619923,-0.0188104635086122,-0.0189163675714606,-0.0190286288625147,-0.0191478316905776,-0.0192343089363414,-0.0194270288770765,-0.0194964315733657,-0.0195009105005287,-0.0195085444260672,-0.0196717700186449,-0.0197678895984699,-0.0199035387458571,-0.0200049925816294,-0.0202027578705953,-0.0205586029602439,-0.0206000801055894,-0.0208253022076937,-0.0210899764782705,-0.021245955091998,-0.0212641850691437,-0.0212424188074996,-0.0212206124802305,-0.0211750548069302,-0.0211704263018731,-0.0209752895473749,-0.0208678485736474,-0.0205987158661691,-0.0204395190732293,-0.0201424669856484,-0.0199178157431013,-0.019705005254502,-0.0195555948233036,-0.0193462983355822,-0.0191641073743943,-0.0190830064581858,-0.0190371052477223,-0.0190315170130963,-0.0190033744943493,-0.0189632735726708,-0.0188763250484639,-0.0186680804602877,-0.0183760389003951,-0.0181905382238606,-0.0181260207089915,-0.0179879580677601,-0.0179868295393146,-0.0179729853621597,-0.0180109603842472,-0.0180416498340237,-0.0181783889100516,-0.0182373213929252,-0.018232547056418,-0.0181974318936768,-0.0180333924994301,-0.017779026116678,-0.0175466011446638,-0.0174522611933346,-0.0174439681010646,-0.0171844587783443,-0.0168589899902874,-0.0164721147109567,-0.0155124074087377,-0.0149589209773634,-0.0145788643174785,-0.0142805448063547,-0.0141753137527626,-0.0140835187132416,-0.0140674035528755,-0.0140482114844531,-0.0139661827138503,-0.0136473398338302,-0.0131746647060738,-0.0126758500236176,-0.0118751204417922,-0.0111785143416858,-0.0109286286724293,-0.01078660680271,-0.0106362635656063,-0.0105687440733577,-0.0104872366865416,-0.0104313306214251,-0.0103536799031393,-0.0102124935728949,-0.0100517477828134,-0.00943424102672676,-0.00893301179766897,-0.00872649478249836,-0.00858620778283095,-0.00845861445134184,-0.00836870288403433,-0.00822921341698215,-0.00804441069294165,-0.00776020962792085,-0.00763698020535915,-0.0075245807747193,-0.00746846448895908,-0.00750556431318685,-0.0075490208455047,-0.00769360086044019,-0.00778971826188052,-0.00782726156865512,-0.00789688171769511,-0.0079810562048484,-0.00808203849076723,-0.00811129583047556,-0.00815326092940677,-0.00814330816508978,-0.00811277570410499,-0.00785701524549015,-0.00786258436007955,-0.00790356609557779,-0.0080700428594067,-0.00833980149497804,-0.00839629673221156,-0.00849193885275929,-0.00851783913920303,-0.00858591390683806,-0.0093168009830305,-0.00926692323980065,-0.00916265377178553,-0.00909536528826308,-0.00904329429559126,-0.00912407407061178,-0.00914882507401085,-0.00918787060211997,-0.00915850261218123,-0.009159011416961,-0.00919667627601488,-0.00911869972341189,-0.00904580909866656,-0.00864290990602892,-0.00797662824449941,-0.00755082076887368,-0.00736972363891892,-0.00705020384314636,-0.00695147127315187,-0.00666606417153401,-0.00655372614382306,-0.00648699624664033,-0.00641544714798028,-0.00630356566156483,-0.00627971593390169,-0.00627939779296399,-0.00630246153924096,-0.00629942713095658,-0.00626749710169292,-0.00622666685127778,-0.00616964068781902,-0.00613166787820533,-0.00602991556156972,-0.00587572573561737,-0.00583906402279124,-0.00574993712178386,-0.0056562148357522,-0.00549067627603032,-0.00531843475600206,-0.00514197791555786,-0.00484997385116636,-0.00431546933774774,-0.00405429624449273,-0.00347225584767049,-0.00343607758029388,-0.00338230131742591,-0.00330820359657122,-0.00323157885456952,-0.00314810623093155,-0.00303310413771719,-0.00289381336421339,-0.00277523703969998,-0.00267749321146965,-0.00259166496284724,-0.00219232826159079,-0.00221978715010053,-0.00105015468608735,-0.000661100051820315,-0.00059581580802014,-0.000129321791032673,6.02480564742555e-05,0.000251336215383225,0.000794328933396297,0.00185736975323118,0.00247626846344522,0.00274354404158497,0.00327156472673613,0.00330611117062313,0.00339410507163174,0.00349508111489114,0.00357721571600253,0.00361446546851397,0.00362638487078503,0.00359302745891281,0.00344489536060774,0.00332761672413649,0.0032853786431381,0.00318857901817716,0.00315768630943584,0.00274081508040952,0.00270499001681219,0.00264762335347074,0.00261041900868837,0.00255465710808722,0.0025508016336574,0.00265080524343454,0.00186874730182931,0.00177399877927152,0.00175373299232171,0.00173112948624537,0.00163427182194462,0.00139657884250277,0.0013841009088112,0.00168677655637834,0.00175521798155839,0.00187840377563824,0.00208059552131546,0.00217378822288758,0.0022022349493333,0.00248804139133004,0.00299094171087202,0.00360168523503972,0.00367832386988901,0.0037523189810732,0.00382962799648124,0.0041085445452373,0.00430650285116265,0.00439551004987325,0.00443900754706067,0.00451830902780936,0.00459774917494576,0.00468001035478561,0.00478318193100085,0.00480383620634675,0.00491598551123823,0.00494906823505822,0.00502931945968259,0.00512432786051398,0.00513381768469187,0.00526266451078045,0.00529746578759538,0.00533654825837342,0.00538508057004063,0.00544904084604462,0.00549707994669126,0.00557822365862593,0.00564954261843071,0.00570647931090627,0.00581321075986631,0.0059881831601711,0.00604665848347719,0.0061659763426332,0.00626278362744611,0.0064127982679321,0.00662759957129394,0.00673819504584893,0.00681010329815712,0.006877453962142,0.00695129436590359,0.00703026324414462,0.00710027491925782,0.00721496395922405,0.00734307319466855,0.00735474876550554,0.00735716588367079,0.00718428786644329,0.00679292869269355,0.00654476254349,0.00610939354036255,0.00584985924754046,0.00570289143811117,0.00564365058031604,0.00557480220888662,0.00554162048172404,0.00553883862667391,0.00555943176910191,0.00559945576432419,0.00570560202365268,0.00609253341003948,0.00638404948504486,0.00638063343578701,0.00720392685984135,0.00724628315826376,0.00813693683423268,0.00873090207468709,0.00882700459472529,0.00888606198862121,0.00893075874426432,0.00902752709671382,0.00907231953834701,0.00911251512497881,0.00918507341264158,0.00920009990472575,0.00920613059837523,0.00920255575444604,0.00918730286818039,0.00915725480854464,0.00908850218854704,0.00904598576158049,0.00899064517887741,0.0090398132251822,0.00906225408153552,0.00875668806738981,0.00867845595388799,0.0081933565012678,0.00705514518943598,0.00694016572867863,0.0068116129442826,0.00617102552200621,0.00613693959452486,0.00617655192287085,0.00583407277697322,0.00575723811082626,0.00571212496188809,0.00561440324544135,0.00391683022424925,0.00392183945574076,0.00370011927471367,0.00367844045868311,0.00348711028686999,0.00347359851161445,0.0034294922581134,0.00339905546082655,0.00336169467329773,0.00326503698616493,0.00323450035393657,0.00322664875428797,0.00322743708096891,0.00324576021079239,0.00323997925917876,0.00321968012534969,0.00319314800085412,0.00316190171985958,0.00310154023478695,0.00305958335215165,0.00299040600092019,0.0029556126828053,0.00285631401303981,0.00274324609310226,0.00141228953751587,0.00113473185725486,-0.00133686768261484,-0.00171369865633334,-0.00174307309072733,-0.00207310648738974,-0.00205974342620989,-0.00212899434362388,-0.00224881562027447,-0.00233406306457458,-0.00242071102660503,-0.00248413377689821,-0.00259408196982481,-0.00279455408458512,-0.00283021342768854,-0.00280897037711743,-0.00282731083956308,-0.00319505341635923,-0.00339628070791801,-0.00337872776711262,-0.00370821513152926,-0.0041289253306491,-0.00480763379481526,-0.00524078958045959,-0.00535854475832822,-0.00554184711908163,-0.00565939725134791,-0.00574920506888112,-0.00563419359631534,-0.00569259805382592,-0.00552023865422942,-0.00583895331695266,-0.00600953387154628,-0.00617995643653678,-0.00640116567623105,-0.00652394143386051,-0.00656539507351511,-0.00667784463648047,-0.00670692754773766,-0.00672733201428577,-0.00672151628993904,-0.00668359230998752,-0.00661469744957593,-0.0065870768186328,-0.00661930268569442,-0.00692260708810013,-0.00701017873166163,-0.00714810504887671,-0.00733844848014525,-0.00736750146497984,-0.007403599715952,-0.0074745485852253,-0.00751839372447862,-0.00764015705516507,-0.00768187405788725,-0.00848225091030702,-0.00888363816311896,-0.00898592101396124,-0.00898414748721032,-0.00894225590572956,-0.00890522269541034,-0.00848508114948648,-0.00780119981548231,-0.00779724518589224,-0.00775016593801807,-0.00783185053741609,-0.00777020011779611,-0.00766055445893911,-0.0076531700939693,-0.00765442420794803,-0.00779541188518804,-0.0078302502546208,-0.00783399186351346,-0.00782505010527007,-0.00780595179582721,-0.00776790175512114,-0.0076447792192689,-0.00760303120061576,-0.0074253359119668,-0.00736754694255012,-0.00733807907592556,-0.00729302044239999,-0.00700518945126999,-0.00692746512144418,-0.00642621441436921,-0.00632585366655785,-0.00565705628004331,-0.00616707709278319,-0.00615562209747293,-0.00621601839129994,-0.00617386112349945,-0.00599529972193948,-0.0058806204612469,-0.00571607787829944,-0.00561088941381999,-0.00539500364460788,-0.00516753899178057,-0.0050089055267863,-0.00477225469655117,-0.00422507886694044,-0.00369988018134978,-0.0032704131995847,-0.00324551158717997,-0.0031720997554962,-0.00310945934323953,-0.00304954513977758,-0.00305394322828535,-0.00304504634024398,-0.00314340474691253,-0.00320316906868891,-0.00325364145247722,-0.00336149430231979,-0.00361488281350598,-0.00369230874533282,-0.00381351826711487,-0.00386298064670333,-0.00407649158976003,-0.00430881734913144,-0.00444583071173354,-0.00450657137989052,-0.00518207880057236,-0.00519530779344749,-0.00532488743804989,-0.00466873234349848,-0.00502403806770527,-0.00524446419442612,-0.00539772595768836,-0.00555798786815943,-0.00621770254089805,-0.00634734371054773,-0.00652639232605562,-0.00725336955123211,-0.00796002278614001,-0.00821974731393518,-0.00845266260084746,-0.00859940450960726,-0.00983891567057277,-0.00994040839284071,-0.010287644857845,-0.0102326394651475,-0.0110631544712786,-0.0116529738344137,-0.0123593436005193,-0.012983312786495,-0.0130287003937921,-0.0132002125969991,-0.0132028297749598,-0.0132031032109396,-0.013804382403232,-0.0138187364375711,-0.0138959905148512,-0.0139320513349858,-0.0139932442009269,-0.0140540129006616,-0.014813147790921,-0.0151666324995362,-0.015353352599997,-0.0164066833743212,-0.0165410430876496,-0.0166978861022953,-0.0168870928903231,-0.0178658979577297,-0.0182031628520952,-0.0184143131629852,-0.0186095144112785,-0.0186394286994893,-0.0188287173017525,-0.0191344738977091,-0.0207686188266965,-0.0213979666103853,-0.0217068076071686,-0.0227225475930495,-0.0229736665997847,-0.0234323002515389,-0.0235972916735066,-0.0238724222673209,-0.0241555312840985,-0.0244298510316427,-0.0249526273231223,-0.0254567480102748,-0.0255632764458435,-0.025698988838789,-0.0258822528773772,-0.0261375062516144,-0.0263974387304658,-0.0265607591828269,-0.0266099499181528,-0.0266190175260145,-0.0267653347358881,-0.0271241625246485,-0.0274181766687405,-0.0274086470382089,-0.0274249561625028,-0.0274218442713454,-0.0268254565191647,-0.0255149829659077,-0.0255690018499565,-0.0255770956692699,-0.026812251265453,-0.0269156291249124,-0.02711596704874,-0.0277105603841391,-0.0277791604701747,-0.0278121589731381,-0.0278367184449229,-0.0278784340322692,-0.027884990725299,-0.0278800306056337,-0.0278211169738321,-0.0276964446443947,-0.0275946987982572,-0.0274855570689318,-0.0274800048107892,-0.0274812450225368,-0.0275087879094485,-0.0275159768960742,-0.027468978304417,-0.027750077784934,-0.0277493924503646,-0.0277646263053443,-0.0274636790627328,-0.0274705988563871,-0.0274290870072489,-0.0273948269852376,-0.0273159277937581,-0.0273144879592304,-0.0269970723839157,-0.0268935614590756,-0.0265949670596337,-0.0264438982998021,-0.0262972656428383,-0.0261717230078734,-0.0260887549168141,-0.0259297463221542,-0.0258593487058484,-0.0258319583160567,-0.0257960840353765,-0.0261970704798041,-0.0263766262034217,-0.0268049362228011,-0.0268766578165483,-0.0269064680278637,-0.0269276002324854,-0.0269603326953024,-0.0269566063428666,-0.0270529650277934,-0.027221402915244,-0.0273458887351037,-0.0275973014155431,-0.0275672269373575,-0.027649947121442,-0.0277494812948907,-0.0278504950301402,-0.0280903811494131,-0.0276746030532046,-0.0277666288556808,-0.0281437288406487,-0.0283761780021999,-0.0287588701490028,-0.0288102044676489,-0.0288592844201241,-0.0288713520633681,-0.0288732236413618,-0.028859216855641,-0.0288146605668449,-0.0279362749841574,-0.0279508342122244,-0.0280147492294436,-0.0280218326948984,-0.0289932312811623,-0.0290795904896863,-0.0297372528029268,-0.0296736663608986,-0.0300234421219953,-0.0304144200218413,-0.0315550507100256,-0.0315667713989595,-0.0312729398857067,-0.0308092789819041,-0.0303360884106152,-0.0298767962861861,-0.0299132351613968,-0.0300515121983981,-0.0304791801303884,-0.0308943116310044,-0.0310995194132502,-0.0312235104300756,-0.0312948466967759,-0.0315016231944613,-0.0314639931865393,-0.0315674287129605,-0.0315980177799864,-0.0316254944064105,-0.0318707314489237,-0.0322040813612604,-0.0325294883133629,-0.0326630545477252,-0.0330417664416609,-0.0330319731679868,-0.0332479166504736,-0.0331586669814077,-0.0333169631533381,-0.0333915881867094,-0.0347103668268869,-0.0351310441118621,-0.0355393715076657,-0.0359298781972221,-0.0359713794250499,-0.0359676610417019,-0.0361270159448436,-0.0361456208582545,-0.0364056690855027,-0.0374768210862945,-0.037460450911884,-0.0374350429163744,-0.037427031583477,-0.037429023494695,-0.0374427290628077,-0.0374651909195417,-0.0374807999924724,-0.037496409069309,-0.0375336578370993,-0.0375683353978229,-0.0376672528593171,-0.0377156246438823,-0.0377753624902026,-0.0378390730082518,-0.0378965599224501,-0.0379607066778418,-0.0380606738375488,-0.0380932666596293,-0.0382845765192463,-0.0387335059151573,-0.0390975751035683,-0.0396209144879694,-0.0397411095831999,-0.0407260739879189,-0.0412783334168328,-0.0414442513654449,-0.0415641960887993,-0.041658033079313,-0.0417491825500698,-0.0415998290498247,-0.0421252132345421,-0.0429412472634341,-0.0438381395438181,-0.0438013655605944,-0.0439250964919808,-0.0439903551636168,-0.0450454584263116,-0.0450504376110769,-0.0454449835070957,-0.0454418215240184,-0.0457024009751613,-0.0467169330204509,-0.0468868731486395,-0.0478276218789008,-0.0480986787263528,-0.0484023561721399,-0.0486884244645342,-0.0488104047656476,-0.0489310215177516,-0.0491198371980856,-0.0491934323501403,-0.0495393670401587,-0.0496757096618281,-0.0497095959817282,-0.0497272782948578,-0.0497305420972948,-0.0495872299853267,-0.0494132352797319,-0.0493296341688267,-0.049398733813951,-0.0494765132512096,-0.0495347280390157,-0.0495955541932141,-0.0496863137064818,-0.049808620376765,-0.0507550898942721,-0.0508023032256292,-0.0514221560752793,-0.0513572368249422,-0.0518445473891015,-0.0523513602993249,-0.0524268744040229,-0.0525646623152061,-0.0527130245606258,-0.0530485185543298,-0.0529101370567218,-0.0538430953116842,-0.054010008451613,-0.0542025624190529,-0.0540528137935514,-0.0547528545603013,-0.054857725994085,-0.0553113937563664,-0.0553695056303844,-0.0563161691107266,-0.0564379884878895,-0.0569487457868653,-0.0573536353909069,-0.0578613015721647,-0.0582565150378364,-0.0583025796154597,-0.0584515104120578,-0.0584940424610767,-0.0587462240228291,-0.0587901347198002,-0.0588379181146534,-0.0593556208398096,-0.0593613803554587,-0.0597543634546082,-0.0598828179877282,-0.060287385740284,-0.0603932600665603,-0.0605510744030316,-0.0606414815750322,-0.0608315456953509,-0.0611092899647184,-0.0613930514745814,-0.0613959312379979,-0.0618375666148259,-0.062302708702604,-0.0623180311509193,-0.0626337391112797,-0.062773925143365,-0.0628194514687115,-0.0628190156389042,-0.062876154129999,-0.0629348849804684,-0.0629912859191306,-0.0630502915842816,-0.0630896259470115,-0.0631315733464126,-0.0631732540147398,-0.0634241605897958,-0.0634285710129865,-0.0644712984083288,-0.0648147757510269,-0.0651511690817842,-0.0652212496345052,-0.0659323081290914,-0.0660247613807036,-0.0668099368080646,-0.0668879696935969,-0.0676168099388753,-0.0680063767164443,-0.068019099198417,-0.0680603588777917,-0.0680606965493058,-0.0680416643905809,-0.0680238484923183,-0.0679348670214013,-0.0678629320474099,-0.0679760328887808,-0.068048875568493,-0.0681380427687785,-0.0681278578366477,-0.0681911817920393,-0.0683035735535436,-0.0684580103343508,-0.068976639937593,-0.0699735840555047,-0.0700175012567486,-0.0700297394195564,-0.0701381481871533,-0.0707785721518378,-0.0711647009395228,-0.0712837234738273,-0.0713196449830621,-0.0712408175111141,-0.0712937532645605,-0.0712445959006985,-0.071402499223542,-0.0714196652490252,-0.0715691693496784,-0.0718755790020437,-0.0719884289305143,-0.0720430724966346,-0.0721018842994232,-0.072293401101616,-0.0722835841315734,-0.0724058302830356,-0.0724887083779253,-0.0725244816221627,-0.0726538918155184,-0.0726905720718476,-0.0726425195691015,-0.0733993453627405,-0.0734575900783778,-0.0735999978233313,-0.0736996613313785,-0.0745969335888284,-0.0745018572768899,-0.0748859624119128,-0.0753004607870471,-0.0754962661340019,-0.0756904424877725,-0.0761798297648967,-0.0772274612522625,-0.0776946072394042,-0.0778654041450743,-0.0781203344651409,-0.0785813460853838,-0.0788570926115041,-0.0790604529526717,-0.0791859679821384,-0.0791906282897162,-0.079222007069388,-0.0792947316488694,-0.0793104588477768,-0.0793794679952908],"lat":[51.5078427881949,51.5079069714204,51.5078936146488,51.5082204411849,51.5083320635111,51.5084128702943,51.508651891623,51.508809749873,51.5088274867445,51.5088322394427,51.5088502100339,51.508938538362,51.5090547323129,51.5090575933379,51.5091161251601,51.5091218990039,51.5094119494182,51.5094405772849,51.5094436999649,51.5095118313649,51.5096558064162,51.5098813253737,51.5100254689544,51.5101143450445,51.5101720298174,51.5102034012611,51.5102133847822,51.5102595472193,51.5103396440675,51.5104701590952,51.5105043545645,51.5105258111104,51.5105438128699,51.5104537365149,51.5104565288891,51.5104570731789,51.5101061330022,51.5101281779399,51.5100813306568,51.5098859010389,51.5098561522532,51.5098533618262,51.5098048361416,51.509787431219,51.5097499490825,51.5097550573447,51.509801078849,51.5099939360693,51.509966103136,51.5099457899225,51.5100086475849,51.5100502923197,51.5100934975167,51.5101081583439,51.5101073044956,51.5101048437438,51.5101476464541,51.5102398740824,51.5102983321305,51.5103600303564,51.5106404283698,51.5108043350431,51.5108727970101,51.5110841426681,51.511253773017,51.5114419197144,51.5116821162591,51.5118083275067,51.5123402025033,51.5129447490413,51.5133711999642,51.5133766390943,51.5136758618066,51.5141310927564,51.5144535385221,51.5146874915205,51.514790432457,51.5150995856068,51.5153541339664,51.5162574355087,51.5165919805395,51.516636675022,51.5166585729403,51.5167069091844,51.5173959628866,51.5174459545772,51.5178653509131,51.5179739664104,51.518036798608,51.5181080726064,51.518250123111,51.5184689115946,51.5184852794041,51.5189678458729,51.5189449932938,51.5188451312934,51.5194515324032,51.5201139764975,51.5206519814618,51.5206565218358,51.5207387245977,51.5210395577889,51.5215101211485,51.5215430875368,51.5218533842309,51.5219417677387,51.5221140429224,51.522211577314,51.5220121087994,51.5221516144073,51.5222006849707,51.5223782612154,51.5225516513875,51.5228953812262,51.5229687148675,51.5230393762271,51.523178026654,51.5234848636576,51.5235872371821,51.5238561648567,51.5243215614823,51.5242870510023,51.5253312154003,51.5257311544497,51.5259923965263,51.5261562788792,51.5262740473562,51.5263881740445,51.5265106974581,51.5268719042175,51.5271463903968,51.5272966574217,51.5275029018534,51.5278753479424,51.5281229496151,51.5283931349778,51.5284355603784,51.5285993495571,51.5288053506811,51.5294159031964,51.5297916507703,51.530012832619,51.5301425899539,51.5302133686034,51.5303401924706,51.5305691484946,51.5306463568904,51.5306900094865,51.5308396933708,51.5308763880332,51.5309228259722,51.5309576014951,51.5310027233735,51.5310267502796,51.5310309566319,51.5310931793254,51.5311403164423,51.5312264238283,51.5315038785739,51.5320171892734,51.5324614235818,51.5329364481649,51.533217819952,51.5331759602014,51.5329004480694,51.5330789313429,51.533184319631,51.5332472490644,51.5333896901134,51.5336123764336,51.5337896077035,51.5340986570764,51.5342341649652,51.5346348209058,51.5349911291906,51.5350999526186,51.5353000971393,51.5355163158341,51.5354570608282,51.5352868926876,51.5350147561677,51.5346798750467,51.5344472413325,51.5344287923958,51.5343275546951,51.5342892101198,51.534231511038,51.5341565810411,51.5341240834398,51.5340943623017,51.5340886243575,51.534111379385,51.5342014842621,51.5343417099112,51.5344263309917,51.5346053452161,51.5348183684188,51.5349834837841,51.5350427330658,51.53508475,51.5350846305599,51.5350879861688,51.5351109644898,51.5351215529389,51.5351584640169,51.5351766426287,51.5351626230721,51.5351345260386,51.5350821934946,51.5349721942493,51.5349287428114,51.5351702088631,51.5355309659607,51.5357194643617,51.5359141946541,51.5360844598843,51.5362203855237,51.5362697403268,51.5363300112305,51.5363846508329,51.5364568481158,51.5364705811898,51.536475208153,51.5364726220063,51.5364639848004,51.5364522798469,51.5363973228883,51.5363313058515,51.536311189033,51.5361990898524,51.5359910413549,51.5357789661458,51.5357373057991,51.53569630431,51.5356520794926,51.535619440704,51.5356005687825,51.5355910186339,51.5355842236424,51.5355292247754,51.5355062285625,51.5354962332053,51.5354905017896,51.5356034306508,51.5357917598727,51.535807752904,51.535832636001,51.5358699315665,51.5359057420806,51.5361410226031,51.5364241930422,51.5364839389614,51.5364984079771,51.536461689261,51.5365012712376,51.537000354159,51.5374610342336,51.5377629950051,51.5381021670933,51.5386985898678,51.5396406502162,51.5400952620416,51.5407641859153,51.5411459986919,51.5412122549228,51.5412606178441,51.5413301616686,51.5413489491524,51.5414210922039,51.5414316585383,51.5417943052892,51.5424622839144,51.5430153466091,51.5433629416213,51.5436557305349,51.5440552666964,51.5442131229897,51.5443066848432,51.5444187792136,51.5445984235971,51.5446274495667,51.5446748194543,51.5446859019606,51.5446759539318,51.5446277084138,51.5440834218525,51.5437974824056,51.5435408528285,51.543482281238,51.5433805730714,51.5432384597119,51.5431295499747,51.543029450388,51.542875988002,51.5425699644614,51.5422933469519,51.5422743067073,51.5423323905582,51.5424050718468,51.5425389149372,51.5426632807869,51.5427486114475,51.5428995217669,51.5431215190115,51.5431585826621,51.5431999197586,51.5432449725203,51.5433610878566,51.5433401300378,51.5432702582601,51.5432334429965,51.5433244408274,51.5433479533334,51.5433841403549,51.543388293384,51.5433920575178,51.5434030830188,51.5434054136777,51.5434231185111,51.5434877933666,51.5435176819932,51.5435835758778,51.5435857260583,51.5435942796078,51.543567637871,51.5434655781213,51.54342976296,51.5433938248803,51.5433459200105,51.5433943928919,51.5433641456641,51.5433092335672,51.5431882606767,51.5430716102168,51.5429979707362,51.5428256009804,51.5425395168656,51.5424382674702,51.5423533178309,51.542340932383,51.5421417659561,51.5417593793117,51.5415071191106,51.5413751524195,51.5412572249495,51.5411979526646,51.5411343818188,51.5410788735763,51.5410141572993,51.5409318073099,51.5408058593371,51.5405229435786,51.5403087378231,51.54017948758,51.5400780939471,51.5399297339323,51.5397749151682,51.5395863425197,51.539465012572,51.5393507963975,51.5391233805346,51.5387692859028,51.5385378373962,51.5382839025911,51.5382464061056,51.538242884678,51.5382331216855,51.5381270666822,51.5380720358316,51.5380032839758,51.5379582348512,51.5378869340444,51.5377283743379,51.5377029956421,51.5375638132216,51.5373461609173,51.5371410627302,51.537019969936,51.5369233817899,51.5368609649009,51.5366812433409,51.5365219959605,51.5363001834208,51.5362174371967,51.5361391566703,51.5360861115987,51.5359866758358,51.5358138227235,51.5356339749643,51.5354551972111,51.5351944745191,51.534940503984,51.5347493901433,51.534611027886,51.5343744275711,51.5342255740465,51.534119683139,51.5340300869922,51.5338781914693,51.5336970028447,51.5335526847658,51.5334778552075,51.5332704906451,51.5332632774771,51.5330840903268,51.5330064961485,51.5329638500946,51.5327701211928,51.5326083503472,51.5324526972727,51.5323648755382,51.5322245167843,51.5319729213734,51.53158141123,51.5314961853376,51.531487951806,51.5313216980727,51.5311471345063,51.5309922146929,51.5306486503101,51.5305124888557,51.5303999434694,51.5302645004723,51.5301646992832,51.5300543343149,51.5300270835746,51.5300042770539,51.5299345441905,51.5298401181649,51.5297026188402,51.5296357165419,51.5295493069831,51.5294556648013,51.5294001695777,51.5293177266632,51.5291946755666,51.5290568422963,51.5288099607901,51.5286372531107,51.5285334198829,51.5283988330969,51.5283160716211,51.5279629742122,51.527720658304,51.5275966511093,51.5274746672663,51.527227001756,51.5270078531205,51.5268346242874,51.5266426404596,51.5264489680845,51.5263326683564,51.5261994664342,51.5259988764066,51.5257764889854,51.5256396396804,51.5254649404076,51.5253766465169,51.5253422128554,51.5252004122086,51.5249563425168,51.5241289353127,51.523821883576,51.523586988822,51.523418657254,51.5233255144486,51.523009125759,51.5228815247073,51.5228012869024,51.5227852297096,51.5227808180289,51.5225101992912,51.522168304007,51.5220041782587,51.521798503112,51.521797421311,51.5215528739199,51.5214647746732,51.521388094245,51.5211938683542,51.5209281577888,51.5208233638848,51.5204238536075,51.5200726416597,51.5199287678451,51.519858365201,51.519729345946,51.5196489732985,51.5194676758976,51.5191452156832,51.5189275547525,51.5188165662777,51.5185746304937,51.5184920188498,51.5182281800063,51.5180940786255,51.5180048163737,51.5178938897833,51.5176833582982,51.5175363725244,51.517444641983,51.5172795690901,51.5170520031969,51.5168590174777,51.516737821734,51.5166244440389,51.5165698425272,51.516457502924,51.516357760663,51.5163391519918,51.5163007666331,51.5162685979277,51.516230711543,51.516214293315,51.5162283781906,51.5162809642383,51.5164076596449,51.5167440372504,51.5175290821462,51.5175653362037,51.5176084848009,51.5176548844837,51.5176931477007,51.5177232008818,51.517749120104,51.5177701293028,51.5177789013505,51.5177727405204,51.5177577898713,51.5176277888417,51.5175931851734,51.5169833374104,51.5167833635118,51.516793041798,51.5165512789192,51.5164698100885,51.5163901135854,51.5161839122142,51.5158402377586,51.5155904672921,51.5154734951283,51.5151236549775,51.5150897919951,51.5149929665751,51.5148635456835,51.5147317487736,51.5146609695411,51.5145384655153,51.5144023467026,51.5140811408823,51.5138718163175,51.5138617465832,51.5136592662169,51.5136121326798,51.5134726714644,51.5134445066584,51.5133852353123,51.5133256196614,51.5131386248574,51.5129192693688,51.512866303513,51.5117276931893,51.5114073725615,51.5112080810052,51.5111527122002,51.5111129990207,51.5111152570294,51.5109949680792,51.5109628244266,51.510847449239,51.5106987659168,51.5105442374153,51.5105003808688,51.5104918018101,51.5104365630865,51.5103695226994,51.510362687281,51.5103685720895,51.5103798976232,51.510401058439,51.5104844207797,51.5105619719378,51.5106198024571,51.5106586268382,51.5107579894888,51.5108276738637,51.5109287843537,51.5112435631824,51.5112872742555,51.511445426825,51.5115096085727,51.5116961836599,51.5119562463786,51.5121395348351,51.5128747317148,51.5130108254202,51.5131459466433,51.5132665179808,51.5134102064553,51.5134867220467,51.5135950451609,51.5136765581954,51.5137259435016,51.513793361798,51.51387220257,51.5138909862837,51.5139168226473,51.5139223608031,51.5139251900984,51.5138936378292,51.51385217774,51.5138158758741,51.5137742563426,51.51371633889,51.5136439453348,51.5135645108691,51.5133539178376,51.5128912998602,51.5128290505085,51.5126545510794,51.5121970845247,51.5116543288272,51.5112215305564,51.5108575807197,51.5105922393849,51.5104616612115,51.5103925314041,51.510268710491,51.5101694591311,51.5101389315752,51.5100171781697,51.5099112792986,51.5097359051803,51.509522455355,51.5094662101192,51.5093556585148,51.5092012847125,51.5092796954253,51.509116967964,51.5089584165372,51.5089154040584,51.5088820187618,51.5088497787014,51.5087563955805,51.5086935786756,51.5086245456195,51.5084722253495,51.5084207095709,51.5083612544868,51.5083127551973,51.5082608589018,51.5082002233835,51.5081114743123,51.5080294699047,51.5079180092841,51.5078236429996,51.5077441228716,51.5073168086923,51.5073073574462,51.5074505555949,51.5077506125265,51.5077903495331,51.5077835567078,51.5079959529027,51.5080073272144,51.5081217560012,51.50819865636,51.5080569867492,51.5080469670832,51.5080531346784,51.5083159636338,51.5083644385396,51.5083691261847,51.5083676980359,51.5080139572013,51.508001598271,51.5079816685749,51.5079776921832,51.5079801289424,51.5080105566502,51.508037157049,51.5080552765345,51.5080732484381,51.5081295893658,51.5081620617773,51.508192084373,51.5082114222097,51.5082218478774,51.5082255766882,51.5082217969731,51.5081888062953,51.5081183583312,51.5080885798197,51.5080734246605,51.5079882339526,51.5079354172226,51.507470378198,51.5074210451155,51.5074413295255,51.5073417381622,51.5072848566268,51.507250065672,51.5071792661563,51.5071411505058,51.5071039579173,51.5071365125739,51.5071266947588,51.5070239953816,51.5069994231584,51.5068920485148,51.5068680806187,51.5066639139647,51.5066097868942,51.5065168634646,51.5062976556276,51.5059693894761,51.5054746505893,51.5051250098129,51.5050352873925,51.505127432458,51.505174394953,51.5050976858875,51.5050255871563,51.5049420492048,51.5048303065867,51.5045272777222,51.5043826983077,51.5042417130336,51.5040925982079,51.5039867731611,51.503961399045,51.5038940668266,51.5038549933731,51.5038166716732,51.5037518255402,51.5036963256007,51.5036241123885,51.5035966648547,51.5035846228824,51.50346927615,51.503311594022,51.5031556668087,51.5027560292522,51.5026845814837,51.5024846581063,51.5022124861566,51.5020001046094,51.5016199844745,51.5014894000892,51.5013411268587,51.5013551368126,51.5012894283297,51.501230945806,51.5011672858069,51.5011243914428,51.5011109623271,51.5008016886813,51.5006280627547,51.5004851785841,51.5004622860326,51.5001249124035,51.5000951723121,51.5000662702722,51.5000375149963,51.5000093351163,51.4999703591584,51.4999506388207,51.4999244081391,51.4998998034507,51.4998802724056,51.4998952667517,51.49963017259,51.4987161945468,51.4984885969495,51.4984044642525,51.4982813980694,51.4983070817554,51.4980081028821,51.4969816103297,51.4969043655244,51.4958552367656,51.4957227244653,51.4956550845226,51.4956246370105,51.4955672662775,51.4955984023108,51.4954201954723,51.4951961770506,51.4950316203695,51.4946637444181,51.4946931480702,51.4944989050029,51.4945407413711,51.4937760435929,51.4928714311381,51.4921500987548,51.4919617273283,51.4917626378504,51.4914818981863,51.49090804288,51.4908073995373,51.4906813502158,51.4901776354612,51.4899637276436,51.4898305958769,51.4896040177918,51.4891784810043,51.4889558809232,51.4888851035613,51.4888409820851,51.488602712916,51.4883953387757,51.4882924560186,51.4882539218362,51.4885522829029,51.4885462130671,51.4884485984505,51.488102906193,51.4878499619884,51.4877170229874,51.487637796572,51.4875631853766,51.4872659551062,51.4871998148765,51.487123723251,51.4869022701381,51.4867173373417,51.4866408151744,51.4865845203022,51.4865555381224,51.4863391754507,51.486489277542,51.4864538039031,51.4862945990266,51.4861755975892,51.4861262490735,51.4860464996399,51.4860067160221,51.486056045705,51.4860535563499,51.4859933496433,51.4859870593904,51.4860053394533,51.4860064818654,51.486018581673,51.4860173939363,51.4860013442845,51.485961906414,51.4859936460138,51.4860131191679,51.4860252723993,51.4861483106254,51.4861721659423,51.4862089911621,51.4862634496434,51.4864112930316,51.4864727484428,51.4865194818941,51.4865686432628,51.4865763428987,51.4866290010633,51.4867195972683,51.4872678686015,51.4874700340759,51.4876227250426,51.4881497425282,51.4883050537994,51.4886248316224,51.4887400211603,51.488939799287,51.4891549987363,51.4893736464683,51.4898096050478,51.4903441664754,51.4904457789321,51.4906054357654,51.4908648123845,51.4912584920573,51.491710702236,51.4920317914553,51.4921603152036,51.4921838487423,51.4924650837445,51.493096111822,51.4936936748169,51.4937141976446,51.4937702265262,51.4937755697788,51.4939417922611,51.493930525053,51.4941139857803,51.4941267117954,51.4941475021313,51.4941555364799,51.4941867844609,51.4942624330205,51.4943085501265,51.4943450757722,51.4944102360086,51.4947454647138,51.4948939539479,51.4950422494929,51.4955727251321,51.4966920133972,51.4967127837466,51.4976389906526,51.4977342194683,51.4980058186896,51.498268867663,51.4985027977491,51.4994911997451,51.4994878342623,51.4996038280286,51.4997515638259,51.4997474013781,51.5009552316833,51.5019832932898,51.5021760591015,51.5023348011884,51.5023347769682,51.5031117981174,51.5031397323557,51.5031472978541,51.50314205785,51.5031341945143,51.5031051035925,51.5030911173993,51.5030695563084,51.5030647742083,51.5031317580395,51.5031950019816,51.5032521104969,51.5032650243615,51.503356762709,51.5033642643098,51.5033746577844,51.5033858045128,51.5034286206938,51.5035148874781,51.5035524792273,51.503656030546,51.5039431916919,51.5043943552458,51.5044567979893,51.5046434378565,51.5048411516063,51.5050379908764,51.5053558681747,51.5054406013968,51.5056453829412,51.5055887755381,51.5058453771372,51.506226803738,51.5062393570277,51.5062707569643,51.5062916428835,51.5063150552245,51.5063390999518,51.5063698253199,51.506588866885,51.5066187874459,51.5067070908771,51.5067099077791,51.5064726450078,51.5064749956434,51.5070966470313,51.5071342471292,51.5074440744789,51.5072330193407,51.5078169079006,51.507845881082,51.5080765561564,51.5084023988562,51.5085814996205,51.5088057951851,51.508863060957,51.5088312116651,51.5087053034092,51.5085692912115,51.5084891049129,51.5084543166166,51.5084375288523,51.5084212159458,51.5082578175064,51.5081984036868,51.5081908237233,51.5081885870983,51.5082160837377,51.5082387634862,51.5082451222792,51.5082221835373,51.5083292533915,51.5083893398279,51.5084613054602,51.508592899775,51.5086315249682,51.5085383536487,51.5089021807217,51.5090054506562,51.5090608512329,51.5091285416277,51.5091688042371,51.5093557887773,51.5094034205048,51.5094064298384,51.5092237372935,51.5094152244482,51.509460812941,51.5094819700827,51.5095007205493,51.5095214369382,51.509537853028,51.5095517178529,51.5095573746315,51.5095630314081,51.5095681510239,51.5095660334977,51.5095110350526,51.5094920606138,51.5094768733768,51.5094698459444,51.5094735055146,51.5094898661589,51.5095445950601,51.5095910027173,51.509632871202,51.5096826448815,51.5096950274891,51.5097235602879,51.5097435545986,51.5098283575246,51.5098546682521,51.5098502450721,51.5100105183129,51.5100066896645,51.5099983197534,51.5097844991233,51.5097653939457,51.5097232597349,51.5096438002619,51.5094930100446,51.5094977715718,51.5095555135231,51.5094831797152,51.5094005305738,51.5093405612339,51.5092460859885,51.5091847823167,51.5088141016493,51.5089850939174,51.5086545409915,51.5085502418451,51.5083232859982,51.5082048471085,51.5081493238084,51.5080919791743,51.5079899065314,51.5079875336856,51.5080193660412,51.508032424622,51.5079475582485,51.5079046877187,51.5078957493734,51.5078771793746,51.5078347180732,51.5077002367884,51.507600668735,51.5075677903974,51.5075543703948,51.5075472886269,51.5075478987145,51.5075859030719,51.5070863607532,51.5070943395615,51.5067854021003,51.5067195765775,51.5064435057763,51.5061830443088,51.506203182868,51.5061146455221,51.5061836544324,51.5059868906282,51.5058865736781,51.5053643008439,51.5054713849653,51.5053486832361,51.5052445819824,51.5048110609696,51.5048523679414,51.5045532433439,51.5044067280131,51.5037641619039,51.5036780531877,51.5034590034873,51.5033236278032,51.5031431912144,51.5030319322598,51.5030668668991,51.5030207725062,51.502969319467,51.5029348258797,51.5029526387018,51.5029471348072,51.5028693737446,51.5028694690525,51.5028444972785,51.5028394283362,51.5028470198405,51.5028307857231,51.5028468846427,51.5028555738289,51.5028587167576,51.5028669060691,51.5029030712915,51.5029031188955,51.5030219269202,51.5030961586029,51.5030406575768,51.5030710527885,51.5031291227583,51.5032108082871,51.5032890368045,51.5033007717555,51.5033089359356,51.5032361281056,51.5032038300185,51.5031936885391,51.5031898850303,51.503192371929,51.5032558666881,51.5033557574924,51.503673324652,51.5037626242099,51.5038491080954,51.5037594389515,51.5039474227484,51.5039759252383,51.5042172830003,51.5041439306572,51.5043546787586,51.5044447283019,51.5045186772364,51.5045652192075,51.5045913033189,51.5046665276581,51.5047129957008,51.5047726795128,51.5048722115542,51.5049577060472,51.5048707785352,51.5048407732854,51.5047749595121,51.5047427299886,51.5047427827618,51.5045663736474,51.5047053070657,51.505050847253,51.505068655931,51.5050859432695,51.5051461791509,51.5054040124303,51.5055758274566,51.5056236471828,51.5056602083246,51.5057866068323,51.5058297426157,51.5059701179608,51.5060185769853,51.5060215570532,51.5058252790904,51.5059058548873,51.5058951205263,51.5058978173572,51.5059041797218,51.5059414997257,51.506003387276,51.5060431654965,51.5059572994824,51.5059291111189,51.5059015623548,51.5059543222085,51.5060344658788,51.5062663204981,51.5062178180366,51.5062579261959,51.5061840254265,51.5064343656807,51.5066045632601,51.5066882052234,51.5067687476792,51.5068070320466,51.5068497856517,51.5070340692568,51.5072391947976,51.5073358792596,51.5073521675175,51.5074237897888,51.5075293627526,51.5076885525259,51.5077872049727,51.5078180370022,51.5078100200018,51.5078177279872,51.5078360049393,51.5078389602796,51.5078427881949]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.138394434283573,-0.138515281916148,-0.139267809779572,-0.139451093461727,-0.139693035224613,-0.140529124705522,-0.140702232063821,-0.140804071249631,-0.140884321136182,-0.140937800944196,-0.141005943410488,-0.141031590353402,-0.141056431153774,-0.141077863935089,-0.141032182216857,-0.141043240988706,-0.141043302679164,-0.141018109283277,-0.140996580622733,-0.140805275155435,-0.140699094474202,-0.140659053474364,-0.140638819059633,-0.140597506691602,-0.140592691824904,-0.140622603546761,-0.140718791936926,-0.140755314917982,-0.140802884325849,-0.140817266536634,-0.140816937110218,-0.140682573825803,-0.140672981555935,-0.140667384989428,-0.140670891832684,-0.14068164481597,-0.140690308365341,-0.141036305843825,-0.141111787658669,-0.141145612425643,-0.141197279648517,-0.141202057802073,-0.141303437710259,-0.141541451009308,-0.141670491574708,-0.141890202569618,-0.142224516478278,-0.142536491732009,-0.142501030797427,-0.142415881006558,-0.142170893988015,-0.141587651701218,-0.140915879542213,-0.140706208319351,-0.140521136806211,-0.139489688669225,-0.139094370968029,-0.138856912205427,-0.13867724543688,-0.138448206116726,-0.138429055217863,-0.138343945893209,-0.138072423724491,-0.137595528084261,-0.137285065452077,-0.136892998620553,-0.136703880912813,-0.13655085198714,-0.136170334738106,-0.135904937869728,-0.13560319272984,-0.135258190393837,-0.135190602367761,-0.134225266305539,-0.133427141780264,-0.133396120324002,-0.133112151655482,-0.132977190338525,-0.132801590473596,-0.132681749810683,-0.132353653994059,-0.131915552452282,-0.131732665527008,-0.131612123067446,-0.131389743842079,-0.131197571139766,-0.131024846733895,-0.130529821000367,-0.129751909343077,-0.129375061490465,-0.128755339104799,-0.127496513185537,-0.127124279649869,-0.126777416220127,-0.126699649033582,-0.126530210166773,-0.126232416223177,-0.12615546231611,-0.125477822174501,-0.125476379992523,-0.125105628351109,-0.124880980554637,-0.124713687009928,-0.124623198927723,-0.124578009107818,-0.124554082459255,-0.124506601120827,-0.124404501499241,-0.124283542457206,-0.124119353216273,-0.1239603393834,-0.123845256827408,-0.123822920751524,-0.123775364149982,-0.123609104036657,-0.123435484823613,-0.12327369926892,-0.122407621931928,-0.122371126548633,-0.121794860903579,-0.121775889882872,-0.121758734129032,-0.119928333609406,-0.119650680991575,-0.119568325895935,-0.119539444335979,-0.119393922020324,-0.119238862262055,-0.119264010402861,-0.119140360850381,-0.118890252873418,-0.118899054473159,-0.119487436382917,-0.119567057770283,-0.1190640310866,-0.118868004974715,-0.118234455708463,-0.117800110147212,-0.117585305356948,-0.11745120041637,-0.117184434592066,-0.11658697931527,-0.115818827532522,-0.115585327057362,-0.116127865634468,-0.116099469171427,-0.115749063872006,-0.115405685522471,-0.11560153559105,-0.115606047698299,-0.115507590961773,-0.11519956294778,-0.115142771440666,-0.115139315361853,-0.115159536590889,-0.115166078631039,-0.115093499696273,-0.115047911178011,-0.115045919194829,-0.115043117087164,-0.111621277183244,-0.110707657609256,-0.110672315536938,-0.11033730684805,-0.109308563850008,-0.109056118739808,-0.108815397341792,-0.108614492833722,-0.108422539587206,-0.108320484931447,-0.107843778759654,-0.107770079766654,-0.107611272231092,-0.10733036365445,-0.107021576148462,-0.106903963966815,-0.106634186539727,-0.106204650874996,-0.104871506019498,-0.104603517967653,-0.104463625071842,-0.104402313023013,-0.104391151801867,-0.1045107463265,-0.103793755081595,-0.10216455294488,-0.10208598116461,-0.101929923375745,-0.101515722107294,-0.101417378415665,-0.101329970493532,-0.101101846080516,-0.100999140596893,-0.100961185506978,-0.100864846652823,-0.099479677742761,-0.0985876643478763,-0.0960322224603798,-0.0957588374850519,-0.0948255252344271,-0.0944990851080576,-0.0942915215266815,-0.0937563908299642,-0.0936353471379203,-0.0933406575294207,-0.0931261034378695,-0.0929852654248271,-0.0927685800513219,-0.0922825557013479,-0.0921679703429673,-0.0917028097383454,-0.0915914347458792,-0.0915565716077115,-0.0915115414098301,-0.0912501112121983,-0.0910476415833458,-0.0908841490569881,-0.0907708648771016,-0.0905577639766322,-0.0903753782512794,-0.0903115735945013,-0.0902925952343952,-0.0903834336182492,-0.0904203289974384,-0.0903199662962509,-0.0902663735579687,-0.0903079578840019,-0.0903330820417211,-0.0903933820061461,-0.0904033820548894,-0.0902578634536242,-0.0900374609696838,-0.0898728795983009,-0.0897535237212139,-0.0896460767276933,-0.089529141824452,-0.0892997000337032,-0.0890500005637066,-0.0885885307597679,-0.0877448976084251,-0.0876560816778331,-0.0875523896214625,-0.087356669542959,-0.0869934752749689,-0.0867890035725979,-0.0865098774690641,-0.0863514205316179,-0.0862703882640759,-0.0860789207883859,-0.085639679794982,-0.0855044391444076,-0.0854044050223605,-0.0853012239500309,-0.0851804813396128,-0.0846986438457913,-0.0846324880280443,-0.0845126210063509,-0.0843789881007326,-0.0837143024843843,-0.0832176868612835,-0.0811214566995024,-0.0802876498239067,-0.0799633591819839,-0.0797248710484784,-0.0795793925380997,-0.0795091751693119,-0.0794613396290114,-0.0793333106216917,-0.079041095999017,-0.0788687927358819,-0.0788029742546003,-0.0786840103983635,-0.0779052314044019,-0.0777182942282319,-0.0770904734434622,-0.0769162893764613,-0.0767575436331477,-0.0767289433574269,-0.076635744461442,-0.0764411109456302,-0.0764151577062647,-0.0763739202824152,-0.0763576805061269,-0.076377932100921,-0.0768394296666316,-0.0783210150052257,-0.0797198087747298,-0.0831659168394279,-0.0838383143867261,-0.0836294495595803,-0.0836606713593608,-0.0840862143821458,-0.0846891372133748,-0.0854943852125483,-0.0856823054146681,-0.0860362846549191,-0.0864042133788767,-0.0864622622088026,-0.0865709047733542,-0.0866174334372028,-0.0868158750953402,-0.0870860841540877,-0.0874096750171737,-0.0877013274876202,-0.0881990358379903,-0.0886615156570533,-0.0891393789587155,-0.0896906013930412,-0.0897186190758981,-0.0902576412880254,-0.0907729893686098,-0.0913750880818496,-0.0915885706465277,-0.091981602552744,-0.092548265387384,-0.0932846196313856,-0.093779251004127,-0.0939862085002684,-0.0944841053445598,-0.0945532076601539,-0.0950498098630195,-0.0950455693398057,-0.0960118120268072,-0.096163874635718,-0.0965525061912998,-0.0970336505939184,-0.0962614701673013,-0.0958952090292385,-0.0955248748931577,-0.095317711951786,-0.0951128997659889,-0.095083573033645,-0.095081989103873,-0.0950934845348046,-0.0951419587339395,-0.0954053613566806,-0.08960135390934,-0.0890500164416511,-0.0887804640592242,-0.0886629952752175,-0.0885982295735787,-0.0885522303837174,-0.0884847989329962,-0.0883102755669578,-0.0881319758358304,-0.0878378746317354,-0.0878041730634457,-0.0874399548462025,-0.0872945169049234,-0.0870321906503501,-0.0867954197623538,-0.0864563633676289,-0.086299117776423,-0.0850207111969484,-0.084908988032221,-0.084751022915619,-0.0850308690361957,-0.0852707205278882,-0.0854097519419759,-0.0854434344307641,-0.0851110961993634,-0.0851393733799046,-0.0845278500755477,-0.0842235517992884,-0.084315417477097,-0.0843382333919926,-0.084441335924436,-0.0845237696046524,-0.0847032725466779,-0.0849063156702261,-0.0850671459460576,-0.0852179066789452,-0.0853764576910552,-0.0855561364685949,-0.0858137962458454,-0.0859046213571104,-0.0862274520889507,-0.0863571351435002,-0.0875429141789208,-0.088129376760466,-0.0893030593988927,-0.0897805297137452,-0.0900043104292443,-0.0897046758767502,-0.0896935020542595,-0.0902636502587206,-0.0909262916151637,-0.0913720621695657,-0.0918215037438154,-0.0921761374615342,-0.0923745104683138,-0.0925168061004088,-0.0933015796358246,-0.0934146612999673,-0.0935931933852074,-0.0936153693639897,-0.0938753198999408,-0.0943447045212244,-0.0944101717987648,-0.094622858168302,-0.0950886678636239,-0.0959876073646706,-0.0960174250862479,-0.0964698396850375,-0.0966236937908779,-0.0966846840480718,-0.0966977614147548,-0.0967138489608534,-0.0967863181050472,-0.0979724532826793,-0.0979335410503358,-0.0979017192376215,-0.0977872474590479,-0.097701100087772,-0.0976400961769656,-0.0975121426091989,-0.0973837096209099,-0.0973745857891337,-0.097393148378212,-0.097403252135706,-0.0975167146795032,-0.0975681170595543,-0.0976241197029784,-0.0976701706728193,-0.0984513225154881,-0.098901910272571,-0.0993483432803946,-0.0996545817405544,-0.100110214344748,-0.10025751502651,-0.100301027928546,-0.1004301261057,-0.100802751543213,-0.101072674498257,-0.101575140789388,-0.101820797686006,-0.10208400050911,-0.103256768007067,-0.104756125491624,-0.105341131640742,-0.105349923289653,-0.10548951763617,-0.105884415279116,-0.106036470718735,-0.106165063664447,-0.106352529031939,-0.106501627746717,-0.106647748219447,-0.107020549148219,-0.108274441011435,-0.108285741772481,-0.10833695578676,-0.10860216878104,-0.10875833635703,-0.108966752160185,-0.10899126745988,-0.109244466628781,-0.1093216609607,-0.109481577706053,-0.10960467311539,-0.109809631003374,-0.109985219809988,-0.110602557799403,-0.111201357912202,-0.111885071783423,-0.112194220247546,-0.112357917145219,-0.112563048219487,-0.113212170965062,-0.113506859725837,-0.113612148880428,-0.113679656167517,-0.113880834858294,-0.114103165008543,-0.114206816346068,-0.11425342179999,-0.113735337654034,-0.113224671473578,-0.112949388983406,-0.113437713776847,-0.113625356606437,-0.113760400661362,-0.113824851888912,-0.114494835383188,-0.114705667403184,-0.115303556683591,-0.115432421413322,-0.115476112151255,-0.11552873769624,-0.11556976348858,-0.115680264420048,-0.115726922909826,-0.115783314149998,-0.115807015470925,-0.115841099094965,-0.115880247197116,-0.115943332060229,-0.1160166880765,-0.116052924025181,-0.116532520664817,-0.117102934308749,-0.117557690913294,-0.118141158591545,-0.119011421037366,-0.119895987894153,-0.121218885239303,-0.121995523906944,-0.122556113049131,-0.122553265107461,-0.122563452971613,-0.122464719851335,-0.122360522142287,-0.122340403315935,-0.122341030660235,-0.122338704102011,-0.122329122819241,-0.122340604054314,-0.122352307278812,-0.122400724785628,-0.122520976356958,-0.122606985467736,-0.12272443836027,-0.123075520511935,-0.123176280451748,-0.123378024644622,-0.123734371749593,-0.124050336957998,-0.124297613672376,-0.124861094222693,-0.12500890622097,-0.125086251733335,-0.125093200182192,-0.125266808372827,-0.125479478539465,-0.125689972869206,-0.125741164753912,-0.125827201019105,-0.125900560326803,-0.125938516506039,-0.125909697405353,-0.12599407699568,-0.126155334267936,-0.126361950176798,-0.126395659313426,-0.126509391853384,-0.12665369245887,-0.126888229439867,-0.127088637738488,-0.127138978207029,-0.127173131885963,-0.127204105619686,-0.127268638604243,-0.127609889675736,-0.127699443582272,-0.127781754030544,-0.127972394100059,-0.128235731042259,-0.129137592123756,-0.129347124530419,-0.129350007314999,-0.129834688260511,-0.13002552769981,-0.130162847563555,-0.130344870235105,-0.130714495487674,-0.130762018457591,-0.130814143476399,-0.130837363982543,-0.130879065802476,-0.130925607850139,-0.131027115163055,-0.131244982587744,-0.131354913736951,-0.131840732202357,-0.132161839674472,-0.133250486225784,-0.134005060841134,-0.134379545100974,-0.134639481535653,-0.134722445380085,-0.134883424418701,-0.135089227836075,-0.135147164143671,-0.135204173599614,-0.135255968183567,-0.135337594930336,-0.135474818664507,-0.13591279950435,-0.136544149109666,-0.13701742479802,-0.13717894952942,-0.137272379403083,-0.137384266604767,-0.137445614683876,-0.138394434283573],"lat":[51.5568591905219,51.5570085840267,51.558010589092,51.5582562916355,51.5585847551629,51.5598029957931,51.5599801924023,51.5600654358354,51.5601494378588,51.5602177285266,51.560350997054,51.5604296376269,51.5605280487903,51.560710035649,51.5610519238764,51.5611699000452,51.5612391428083,51.5613970105983,51.5614650120493,51.5619107036557,51.5621086533064,51.5622060363927,51.5622776552594,51.5625476729959,51.5628425486671,51.5630642366381,51.5632528035489,51.5633478028651,51.563525707617,51.5636329454979,51.5638532549713,51.5642467931303,51.5643050919653,51.5643715473072,51.564462426477,51.5645525212232,51.5645877290024,51.5651606337104,51.5653263910674,51.565416851255,51.5656712563693,51.5656956116313,51.5661108694858,51.5672800585809,51.5676894593661,51.5683170133174,51.5686820038445,51.5689225442649,51.5690137056909,51.5691202668882,51.5691478618736,51.5692609232394,51.5693509973269,51.5693971336318,51.5694769313746,51.5700001277107,51.570210576721,51.5703363016958,51.5704602451864,51.5705564278752,51.5705660157345,51.5706006352262,51.5707123295643,51.5709412624733,51.5710523369625,51.5711827976025,51.5712553311935,51.5713275383413,51.5715283209575,51.571631115184,51.571740525257,51.5718843176455,51.5719138178432,51.5724407167043,51.5728659553809,51.5728834467949,51.573016513613,51.573070119479,51.5731293732635,51.5731661337678,51.5732490381838,51.5733751526755,51.5734360873522,51.5734899212223,51.5735637152153,51.5736047178435,51.5736289442885,51.5737001923865,51.5738073961097,51.5738472507827,51.573932689941,51.5741536068569,51.5741161929881,51.5741286413356,51.5741247021671,51.5741040122724,51.5740462021377,51.5740224922271,51.5740422436722,51.5740422206343,51.5740740658062,51.574097453616,51.5741298507731,51.5741544827469,51.574270662266,51.5743611035213,51.5743576469276,51.574348821122,51.5743423915041,51.5744045124962,51.574516174427,51.5746123521376,51.5746290806618,51.5746624915791,51.5746697248621,51.5746804372026,51.5746841445894,51.5749688393202,51.5749089052562,51.5750597486988,51.5750648405214,51.5750258984253,51.5754570001751,51.5755056068829,51.5755078841922,51.5755083206212,51.5752577970858,51.5749936318221,51.5749787477194,51.5748976323784,51.5747335577778,51.5747301018916,51.5744256959728,51.5743847074052,51.5743694515472,51.57436361156,51.574259032965,51.5741882205993,51.5741479059493,51.5740405429611,51.5738258396782,51.5733720248838,51.5728237432077,51.5725727012314,51.5721902408005,51.5721789939685,51.5720330855769,51.5718917852053,51.5716224591066,51.5716180353383,51.5715562047519,51.5714325571154,51.5714100630068,51.5713191836889,51.5708303188812,51.5706721567275,51.5706476105059,51.5706333895101,51.5706117756148,51.570574861529,51.5690531735006,51.5686059294094,51.5685882746791,51.5684201165102,51.5677920571941,51.5676513037581,51.5675062424866,51.567375311227,51.5672373299386,51.5671583494694,51.566789165959,51.5667223324556,51.566550712916,51.566331262108,51.5661230510576,51.5660366243478,51.5658272431235,51.5655388468722,51.5646351606688,51.5647648199245,51.5648327013976,51.5647804537804,51.5647712809899,51.5647057694411,51.5643218961093,51.5632883981157,51.5632349708289,51.5631020554571,51.5627932069246,51.5627295675296,51.5626804929847,51.5625805817281,51.5625177706324,51.5624937758785,51.5624166797295,51.5614851110883,51.560837587887,51.5612268884868,51.561174791702,51.5609645037007,51.5608701769909,51.5607966644605,51.5605523682366,51.5605144316368,51.5604889605027,51.5604791790128,51.5604660990289,51.5604382972491,51.5602964076579,51.5602765595341,51.5602222340008,51.5601601727799,51.5600624867305,51.5599664337927,51.5595602163671,51.5592619683654,51.5589976264565,51.5587745675745,51.5583169783591,51.5579183398909,51.5578228801117,51.5577937951991,51.557726031422,51.5576717776451,51.5566926589085,51.5558024277647,51.5553606732959,51.5549330388853,51.5544232459007,51.5541500364071,51.5541458693395,51.5541386845616,51.554073057624,51.5540297488297,51.5539776413106,51.5539109911784,51.553740893376,51.5538132629523,51.5539478274411,51.5529449038628,51.5528957959017,51.5528230648472,51.5527434379591,51.552667374887,51.552624473652,51.5525731604913,51.5525337067124,51.5525054074291,51.5524276462525,51.5522046595902,51.5521619864633,51.552139671258,51.552123599371,51.5521135355357,51.5520463198883,51.5520416428652,51.552045081412,51.5520671793599,51.5521291640443,51.5521390365916,51.5519761772494,51.5519094810005,51.5518691034374,51.5518121443297,51.5517387221728,51.5516935094083,51.5516648495335,51.5515881156974,51.5513342385574,51.5511443726919,51.5510632614157,51.5509426119111,51.5496735993803,51.5494205442454,51.5486773644391,51.5484299124831,51.5481584334948,51.5481183974922,51.5479343211657,51.5473169400257,51.5469747981675,51.5466530885043,51.5464226133087,51.5463528035918,51.5460798026587,51.5462416665468,51.5463491005795,51.5465763148424,51.5466034856726,51.5452242173001,51.5450646602918,51.5439295594757,51.5423818982071,51.5403762188508,51.5397812820491,51.5387340321024,51.5377319712475,51.5375512689248,51.5374019664417,51.5372552477707,51.537268376108,51.5372206259212,51.5371377753176,51.5370256270764,51.5367792506504,51.536547585459,51.53629278846,51.5360077103129,51.5359928792584,51.535757957992,51.5355028653933,51.5352419880216,51.5351366516099,51.5349443100261,51.5346684622614,51.5343342208819,51.5341255396415,51.5340380779415,51.5338546259029,51.5338917185068,51.5337046460427,51.5336335361832,51.5332832272609,51.5332326393672,51.5331103529358,51.5329823720159,51.5318610637422,51.5313092723211,51.5307861896399,51.5304644903141,51.530052004149,51.529925632397,51.5298599611593,51.529791804561,51.5296666962288,51.5291934696191,51.5277043438624,51.5275469861968,51.5274427772794,51.5273905049749,51.5273534794401,51.527315860425,51.5272392241761,51.5270691186054,51.5268171190178,51.5262323056062,51.5261076590166,51.525957840142,51.5259194984586,51.5258495749412,51.5257890602112,51.5258644624482,51.525901464336,51.5262034329531,51.5258769777458,51.5254157783055,51.5252054252957,51.5248487393819,51.5245929224982,51.5245116400303,51.5244270805152,51.5239248582661,51.5238977876547,51.5239009112833,51.5236011610023,51.5234009995934,51.5224899387321,51.522071332427,51.5216066505714,51.5209930762788,51.5206297048976,51.5203345123723,51.5201284731734,51.5198310544866,51.5194269974537,51.5192890949706,51.518808764519,51.518844152895,51.5191998150475,51.519410809285,51.5197806443484,51.5199098209209,51.5199701183022,51.5206891393914,51.5207150358184,51.5207998576839,51.5208789881829,51.5209392988001,51.5209807830762,51.5210144287875,51.5210275470443,51.5214857835618,51.5213330803424,51.5215246613205,51.521495190004,51.5215854759294,51.5215393423545,51.5214831222118,51.5217449697375,51.5223131568962,51.5231372459448,51.5229090428104,51.5229544895509,51.5228215487472,51.5231765531979,51.5231658525744,51.5231633670124,51.5231924041963,51.5233212742045,51.5228773982187,51.522842595561,51.5228106056333,51.5226864506823,51.5225744452901,51.5224817319659,51.5222314624589,51.5218543901384,51.5217274472598,51.5216279311123,51.5215930240774,51.5216029577579,51.5213034404761,51.5210318746649,51.5207223787253,51.5205866682893,51.5204968528314,51.5203683003851,51.5202833369209,51.5201414418269,51.5201348351407,51.5201283458573,51.5201088545809,51.5199871945798,51.5199088334474,51.5197497058261,51.5196655547009,51.5195753921985,51.519206784417,51.5187481216769,51.5185444497641,51.5185409947628,51.5191367571904,51.520284287967,51.520684213452,51.5209200957278,51.5212657379967,51.5214938576327,51.5216895558655,51.5221892630408,51.5220898917006,51.5220954694765,51.5221466536113,51.522460273561,51.5226921011927,51.5229850208986,51.5230195877409,51.5229274493943,51.5229430817505,51.5230149017886,51.5230708408838,51.5230993229712,51.5231408202658,51.5232712657728,51.5233969132327,51.5235607938452,51.5236494002499,51.5236996950945,51.5237938205528,51.5242368042073,51.5244312862712,51.5245345950832,51.5246103186499,51.5249049114155,51.5252807765616,51.5254586963913,51.5255169977782,51.5258791595275,51.5262360428225,51.526408767201,51.5265227338091,51.5265869006973,51.5266331356934,51.5266782354254,51.5270711888052,51.5272022713081,51.5275958597057,51.5277220268451,51.5277811801263,51.5278683537273,51.5279571394574,51.5283186151765,51.52872492707,51.5294542264672,51.5295436330511,51.529626012383,51.5296904880243,51.5297688368811,51.5298428544092,51.5298731116716,51.530094835017,51.5302820441078,51.5304071446188,51.530557688801,51.530746101477,51.5309374346623,51.5308480222188,51.5307894177393,51.5307255519734,51.5308298194279,51.5311078508197,51.5327366111148,51.5340424527963,51.5345663934299,51.5345861869671,51.5355186717107,51.535821565486,51.5360681436518,51.536309329862,51.5368847252629,51.5373614535799,51.5376191161383,51.5379186472698,51.5384979859461,51.5386425786226,51.5388913010742,51.5392378163323,51.5395144425504,51.539813350123,51.5405939135914,51.5408570582246,51.541115479486,51.541192026665,51.5414591801917,51.5417584312932,51.5421107028708,51.5424793133102,51.542736973574,51.5429170958996,51.5430462947317,51.5431861170814,51.5435543582396,51.5441927024285,51.5450610789365,51.5451884112365,51.5456146724942,51.5461043690544,51.5469956712978,51.5474538900475,51.5475275327187,51.5476090102002,51.547662560238,51.5477418248877,51.5480368292475,51.5481039035044,51.548171761347,51.5483060935326,51.5484262980332,51.5488381501721,51.5489691843432,51.5489692303079,51.5493195704017,51.5494844767331,51.5496179553924,51.5498924287712,51.5506572827032,51.5508702620593,51.55121730244,51.5512842166239,51.5513577199584,51.5514187109342,51.5515111518746,51.5516504084898,51.5517133081798,51.5519665390888,51.5521209264907,51.5528351685492,51.5533597421406,51.5536201839984,51.5538599193503,51.5539475659327,51.5541380674215,51.5544317951609,51.5544965624727,51.5545487255852,51.5545873171035,51.5546371736627,51.5547032008725,51.5548576364988,51.5550457161254,51.5552897334175,51.5553966104915,51.5554754289197,51.5555968048078,51.5556841062357,51.5568591905219]}]],[[{"lng":[-0.097664742057559,-0.0975583772371069,-0.0973421250217411,-0.0973013695802717,-0.0972257773661489,-0.0971502601693015,-0.0970747429359762,-0.0969993382648534,-0.0969500424138574,-0.0969021887022062,-0.096854410050995,-0.0968080735433473,-0.0967777133009711,-0.0967314518590737,-0.0966867076427997,-0.0966419634266331,-0.0966131204101544,-0.096568451277565,-0.0965237821486064,-0.0961275358061571,-0.0955653692069792,-0.0955394857293372,-0.0954432001290099,-0.0953468394410451,-0.0952504036541027,-0.0951539303258613,-0.0951236828893458,-0.0950948775979129,-0.0950661098791543,-0.0950373045921154,-0.0950084993069915,-0.0949796940237803,-0.0949508887424839,-0.0949220458895106,-0.0948931654631565,-0.0947104267216594,-0.0945759458009506,-0.0943027082711573,-0.093826566816763,-0.0937243002888384,-0.093583095488787,-0.093541009834309,-0.0932464851876812,-0.0931508140840239,-0.0930653132455323,-0.0930465652329062,-0.0929642495738699,-0.0928834512949494,-0.0928012860963371,-0.0927191585249127,-0.092680408448942,-0.0925122783682081,-0.0923425933922756,-0.0921742377978003,-0.0921555274454161,-0.0921152600688163,-0.0920749926985023,-0.0920332455514954,-0.0919929405612575,-0.0919525979430861,-0.0919107379094356,-0.0918861836963461,-0.0918442860275638,-0.0918009085697635,-0.0917589356239046,-0.0916317627993938,-0.0915883100459846,-0.0915462617970907,-0.0914883122245499,-0.0913897565135133,-0.091264564381111,-0.0909974123608049,-0.0906605951874119,-0.0903518553473425,-0.0902961115656023,-0.0901886758791384,-0.0901479563091015,-0.090092739756748,-0.0899810904575697,-0.0898364597114429,-0.0895436628939381,-0.0894213428222456,-0.0893536365463699,-0.0892875231855012,-0.0892198923082317,-0.089153703607811,-0.0890172636034908,-0.0889856114393208,-0.0888388879554837,-0.0886388423220118,-0.088413186717504,-0.0881023019126017,-0.0879964207420834,-0.0879009363556798,-0.0877912189031705,-0.0877133044444012,-0.0876067353475025,-0.0874211491874527,-0.086872159930911,-0.086865917342945,-0.0869547820135865,-0.0870437517792086,-0.0871739615966876,-0.0871801915046357,-0.0872316617929614,-0.0866637270062244,-0.0860885123044767,-0.0860551157911914,-0.0858532943917567,-0.0856892254405891,-0.0849050022316088,-0.0838213689606061,-0.0836118744029766,-0.0828000219799452,-0.08223495937572,-0.0818473271218904,-0.0808768318773252,-0.080861758894836,-0.0798365082143287,-0.0798407939187874,-0.0793482090671755,-0.0789588537055198,-0.0784683546301846,-0.0780684871800226,-0.0780240828095572,-0.0780293191701767,-0.0780310646225613,-0.0775683495771634,-0.0775457702288951,-0.0775214427692701,-0.0770520490998348,-0.0770934151974016,-0.077056184159772,-0.0762467061732945,-0.0759733782071929,-0.0758986506888704,-0.075784300656244,-0.0757530280066513,-0.0754302830183486,-0.0753749110323778,-0.0753237897163608,-0.0752051892267895,-0.0751755453202607,-0.074434372870528,-0.074435587177725,-0.0744485647737354,-0.0743935716030175,-0.0743747493696972,-0.0742357674412373,-0.073999664901789,-0.0737621199729847,-0.0737620424171756,-0.0736406323751799,-0.0736287562137896,-0.0736240513530326,-0.0735445409885974,-0.073545604928284,-0.0730431894333162,-0.0727684133475517,-0.0725133005172486,-0.0723782265787384,-0.0723667270967133,-0.0723216010321876,-0.071920742975783,-0.0718931512198288,-0.0718578630934837,-0.0718526267826345,-0.0709340193611116,-0.070487686078116,-0.0699763801620249,-0.0697305554175827,-0.0694893233320931,-0.069330905379059,-0.0687492652594784,-0.0683315877316726,-0.0679945583384081,-0.0674301493252381,-0.0673722324564335,-0.0672346512583752,-0.0670894014626017,-0.0667377949638913,-0.0667829445089865,-0.0661287985954596,-0.0654722915655292,-0.0646213392911983,-0.0642332694378973,-0.0637659982300895,-0.0627159849145162,-0.0611841808668271,-0.0609947194151374,-0.0606904487697277,-0.060333880727025,-0.0600835109105559,-0.0600045567533071,-0.0597416525888876,-0.0596860832573559,-0.0593728231939065,-0.0590794032364498,-0.0588647938289094,-0.0587480718888053,-0.0587427628940713,-0.0585938440197456,-0.0585329964623619,-0.0584964222721699,-0.0584502126920271,-0.0584308790036937,-0.0582258382720557,-0.0575903167559816,-0.0571061274379445,-0.0567706898719246,-0.0566216276578108,-0.0563992207671516,-0.0561721537716918,-0.0560103324012,-0.0558696049221785,-0.0557805451737945,-0.0555760861243201,-0.0552903376056226,-0.0549803205887061,-0.0547916247060671,-0.0546792404987993,-0.0545561260948454,-0.0544390869547427,-0.054291935651201,-0.0541759878800241,-0.0535346995995235,-0.0533842934752595,-0.0532939446056047,-0.0531592411631898,-0.0528249484630776,-0.0519344852142432,-0.0511755245052704,-0.0508527242430557,-0.0507879720276494,-0.0506885943005065,-0.0504468699021447,-0.0498519804451365,-0.0491502301176432,-0.0490538950777029,-0.048959579272128,-0.0485676499830015,-0.0484336950627285,-0.0483063728035603,-0.0482391264797872,-0.0476665742850638,-0.0475475594961698,-0.0474835448032629,-0.046836839490547,-0.0468004906657559,-0.0467703497193057,-0.0467273095534931,-0.0467014387531334,-0.0466866957124104,-0.0466733944944407,-0.046662976901936,-0.0466525593210511,-0.0466436220679119,-0.0466386251068055,-0.0466311296722232,-0.0466250760473706,-0.046620464229663,-0.0466173327294239,-0.0466156045182718,-0.0466153181065189,-0.0466179538013116,-0.0466196266746649,-0.0466233575465894,-0.0466284916980454,-0.0466351061523509,-0.0466431238828535,-0.0466511416065635,-0.0466606011166337,-0.0466700606187432,-0.0466809619048736,-0.0466932664622338,-0.0467056095206201,-0.0467179140582042,-0.0467255466237166,-0.0467424075741572,-0.0467621135748287,-0.0467818195561365,-0.0468029287966183,-0.0468240380172644,-0.0468480307899954,-0.0468539904720413,-0.0470282667679211,-0.0472001372765132,-0.0472167667955982,-0.0472319160285983,-0.0472456619767046,-0.0472594464129896,-0.0472717505673282,-0.0472826514392335,-0.0472935523020115,-0.0472998198605072,-0.0473030113856477,-0.0473110671897856,-0.0473159699648282,-0.0473225839888092,-0.0473291595094017,-0.0473328899873738,-0.0473381007256503,-0.0473403509329432,-0.0473412363670802,-0.047342083303092,-0.0473414884741278,-0.0473394518820682,-0.0473373767944662,-0.0473324566811748,-0.0473312843992359,-0.0473248070380105,-0.0473183681788808,-0.0473118908272037,-0.0473025299608124,-0.0472945723627423,-0.0472837697508493,-0.0472729286488442,-0.0472606457969088,-0.0472483629536846,-0.0472345998638096,-0.0472193950271591,-0.047204151701392,-0.0471874666302508,-0.0471861018746264,-0.0471679365606319,-0.0471512130117281,-0.0471329707177546,-0.0471132866800337,-0.0470921608997549,-0.0470724383813333,-0.0470512741203489,-0.0470286681179138,-0.0470060236234688,-0.0469833791392853,-0.0469606961613639,-0.0469380131928375,-0.0469138884835107,-0.0469039502525758,-0.0468713290817674,-0.0468357859251563,-0.0468016460296411,-0.0467660258951728,-0.0467289640292312,-0.0466933054192142,-0.0466561665671556,-0.046617547471816,-0.0465803316256118,-0.0465689131850458,-0.0460642304982795,-0.0457263676994381,-0.0457055121402847,-0.0453547944268143,-0.0451040085479064,-0.0447404700067879,-0.0444744604793765,-0.0443643111950713,-0.0441454927482939,-0.0437350642298272,-0.0433736497021588,-0.0427934681343253,-0.0427121007740713,-0.0425391585252577,-0.0423896836466128,-0.0421928390425222,-0.0418884584150044,-0.0417141017758471,-0.0410791559576641,-0.0407414455589291,-0.0406104546106312,-0.0404768504843072,-0.0403145663311149,-0.0401915949450421,-0.040076566268276,-0.0399105897409193,-0.0397253184948148,-0.0393751824108842,-0.0392337830902709,-0.0391090663194092,-0.0389829969390851,-0.0388378489983079,-0.0387265286795637,-0.0384857645585843,-0.0383671970268649,-0.0381382866496569,-0.0379496276853228,-0.0376833590194272,-0.0372411157375087,-0.037086630699151,-0.0369644822409278,-0.0368150185738045,-0.0366919313315113,-0.0366081185882798,-0.0364165646486249,-0.0360147443544662,-0.0352633780317757,-0.0350270382977146,-0.0349079500067852,-0.034728457503097,-0.0342669129936788,-0.033877975750723,-0.0336710636983176,-0.0335164088187715,-0.0333080242865287,-0.0328748612586953,-0.0325697815128326,-0.0321780125952556,-0.0316909477708852,-0.0311977304290622,-0.0311462620066049,-0.0310934294687102,-0.0310391940040109,-0.0309835556140547,-0.0309279559967943,-0.030872395155587,-0.0308388091117712,-0.030781845329607,-0.030723517454463,-0.0306652283668474,-0.0306055363717054,-0.0305458831704592,-0.0304862687666864,-0.03042525146454,-0.0303643117960313,-0.0303019692379524,-0.0302917996776514,-0.0302309376296461,-0.0301701143993394,-0.0301179801913988,-0.0301092911557971,-0.0300485455705359,-0.0297934423385479,-0.029756113509381,-0.0297202652291613,-0.0295894201875132,-0.0293765537874032,-0.0291705033614774,-0.0285520711531717,-0.0281277699460439,-0.0278911686206558,-0.0275318672773367,-0.02685273801006,-0.0265063770372068,-0.0263719482294242,-0.0262007370925504,-0.0258909297214364,-0.0255344810738956,-0.0251389926143283,-0.0249496659260556,-0.0247592104211056,-0.0246563463135029,-0.0245454559574192,-0.0244471894043707,-0.0243776004886119,-0.0242782431584421,-0.0242041726703103,-0.0240716182769625,-0.0239825477445652,-0.023968713323319,-0.0239198557898686,-0.0235535414828386,-0.0230942274250868,-0.0230339934410689,-0.0225573070011304,-0.0219339010813984,-0.020774925928154,-0.0191599341745464,-0.0188275454503905,-0.0184711612626579,-0.0180756541085653,-0.0179505049237363,-0.0177996872625498,-0.0176758680230889,-0.0175042998171077,-0.0173071098588016,-0.0171894720092721,-0.0171700092930507,-0.0171678689757021,-0.0180824071082889,-0.0189957351694609,-0.0189724450396035,-0.0188880378063371,-0.0188443408120642,-0.0188555754077637,-0.0189030391752442,-0.0189220627131491,-0.0189487644784744,-0.0189419636874805,-0.0188754854981085,-0.0187245580609752,-0.0183413480189121,-0.0181922798813338,-0.0179309621739037,-0.0176212216514895,-0.0175086014892385,-0.0174588340421846,-0.0173424166842159,-0.0172256801852221,-0.0170516791154886,-0.0169853409184411,-0.0169078044855739,-0.0168851722870818,-0.0168756145434111,-0.016838240304358,-0.0168426946325872,-0.0167484786291705,-0.0166208690160278,-0.0165272559830553,-0.0165334835283397,-0.0165721971542413,-0.0165715766344541,-0.016764955636411,-0.0168233082684128,-0.017050531994022,-0.017421052321568,-0.017784367644796,-0.0185558279202014,-0.0192281714248171,-0.0198933904696857,-0.0203520987952522,-0.0214567867704041,-0.0222974332767819,-0.0223550404213382,-0.0223716720543015,-0.0225534876997365,-0.0227529863936484,-0.0230098573863434,-0.0230835885046009,-0.0230707351730638,-0.0238635092354698,-0.0253485639507192,-0.0255056093101388,-0.0255429655440688,-0.0256127249975469,-0.0256595743246659,-0.025707673987125,-0.0257628235796505,-0.0258581688584779,-0.026506655205091,-0.0270511094318777,-0.0273778430845133,-0.0278432677146857,-0.0283869753496574,-0.0287174837199035,-0.0290069802767257,-0.0290162525281695,-0.0291557254777019,-0.0293862278867555,-0.029474780687862,-0.0296521695060485,-0.0299258041100434,-0.03051672718009,-0.0309507582246979,-0.0310650464113901,-0.0315140268142501,-0.0319949180916163,-0.0329204108913928,-0.0330625518686994,-0.033173173623215,-0.0332630690185987,-0.0333877000219078,-0.0334264491677781,-0.0336534107791605,-0.0337793886970375,-0.0338843762752997,-0.034070013467758,-0.0345371960603436,-0.035149757809608,-0.0358728340855019,-0.0367850118587683,-0.0377626801075587,-0.0371567292037753,-0.0371701629058197,-0.0372655623874342,-0.0373788554250846,-0.0374683741169156,-0.0375339075797831,-0.0375511791170602,-0.0379497598011524,-0.0386563049285759,-0.0391113523538649,-0.0401554967971121,-0.0407348502977221,-0.0411027059877436,-0.0414372349043811,-0.0423914104948979,-0.0434697798898746,-0.0435767401109554,-0.0437294548965901,-0.0438324542088806,-0.0439705596257117,-0.0442999280535345,-0.0446431011588687,-0.0447066392046949,-0.0447889859527289,-0.0448607071109111,-0.0449262794998573,-0.0459826314088135,-0.0469232768274565,-0.0471595070813359,-0.0473277844441899,-0.0475748114002997,-0.0478536335937185,-0.0479917678687259,-0.0480793168513998,-0.0481866540740136,-0.048310705619068,-0.048428494029586,-0.0485146980363245,-0.0485864546856649,-0.0489018203146133,-0.0492995519451368,-0.049551426021299,-0.0496255474222156,-0.0499183254603088,-0.0502490678087521,-0.0503581561185097,-0.0504990985725379,-0.0506547191699535,-0.0508092059977941,-0.0509568720366007,-0.0514285906284435,-0.0516039582684983,-0.0517651464712763,-0.0518797258544417,-0.052142195514783,-0.0523945939803683,-0.0525817059608839,-0.0527108733675247,-0.0528099014630887,-0.0528360675901365,-0.0530158934595942,-0.0534668430424416,-0.0538568103390698,-0.0541411105407796,-0.0543899635569778,-0.0547036337113635,-0.0548638176750106,-0.0550387402816159,-0.0552257261997168,-0.0552402883294353,-0.0552474927873734,-0.055425196554523,-0.0556483334691501,-0.0562119437475241,-0.0568150795307674,-0.0572999686772776,-0.0575659949088571,-0.0581126701116175,-0.0587538152191519,-0.0590633451541702,-0.0593558022445841,-0.059684728326365,-0.0599097214448177,-0.0601992374010285,-0.0603712522872703,-0.0604604609815163,-0.0606551380365017,-0.0606831916439668,-0.0609386125695339,-0.0613410913741274,-0.0617015421562737,-0.0620951667226883,-0.0624704334773673,-0.0626641805958108,-0.0627966832079861,-0.0628503284679396,-0.0628380602001606,-0.062754138948088,-0.0627166360343566,-0.0625711523781979,-0.06245756146081,-0.0623141808912635,-0.0622380443817036,-0.0626747132097853,-0.0632631349891491,-0.0649807318040677,-0.0651103490333893,-0.0651402946467993,-0.065364176403,-0.0656236596175847,-0.0658962503080176,-0.0661789719332997,-0.0663132818583332,-0.0673088773025682,-0.0679957197980599,-0.0692959553480491,-0.0699146563933718,-0.0705313117840919,-0.0712324811621416,-0.0716333227280287,-0.0719265233782881,-0.0722654485239092,-0.072787924579839,-0.0729224106256887,-0.0731491444664572,-0.0737730001640364,-0.0740450776114171,-0.0741706135214572,-0.0743736086375631,-0.0746496634404512,-0.0749322357210175,-0.0753184175354619,-0.0754784840453982,-0.075635327443339,-0.0756803672168023,-0.076039205975887,-0.0763495131690883,-0.0768885364894057,-0.0772533170276193,-0.0763153638733536,-0.0763572079411812,-0.0765396617851449,-0.0766356481458915,-0.076640457636826,-0.0766425373187151,-0.0766292608494441,-0.0766013463939545,-0.0765605363683075,-0.0764430828692708,-0.0759154570792695,-0.075776504773504,-0.0757186477875529,-0.0757272882234803,-0.0757704956607028,-0.0758152617524103,-0.0758384217773724,-0.07586313589412,-0.0760145685720931,-0.0760795370328528,-0.0761634208893119,-0.0761871114605987,-0.0764539010805481,-0.0767179388606556,-0.0771314330910912,-0.0779228606541731,-0.0782365019386912,-0.0784528135681574,-0.0784714989901411,-0.0797692775155339,-0.0807590358040503,-0.0810504038961764,-0.0812842164179335,-0.081549389894373,-0.0817623087712737,-0.0817950562407943,-0.0820172740361689,-0.082325791973831,-0.0827339612652505,-0.0833255139948035,-0.0852179066789452,-0.0850671459460576,-0.0849063156702261,-0.0847032725466779,-0.0845237696046524,-0.084441335924436,-0.0843382333919926,-0.084315417477097,-0.0842235517992884,-0.0845278500755477,-0.0851393733799046,-0.0851110961993634,-0.0854434344307641,-0.0854097519419759,-0.0852707205278882,-0.0850308690361957,-0.084751022915619,-0.084908988032221,-0.0850207111969484,-0.086299117776423,-0.0864563633676289,-0.0867954197623538,-0.0870321906503501,-0.0872945169049234,-0.0874399548462025,-0.0878041730634457,-0.0878378746317354,-0.0881319758358304,-0.0883102755669578,-0.0884847989329962,-0.0885522303837174,-0.0885982295735787,-0.0886629952752175,-0.0887804640592242,-0.0890500164416511,-0.08960135390934,-0.0954053613566806,-0.0951419587339395,-0.0950934845348046,-0.095081989103873,-0.095083573033645,-0.0951128997659889,-0.095317711951786,-0.0955248748931577,-0.0958952090292385,-0.0962614701673013,-0.0970336505939184,-0.0965525061912998,-0.096163874635718,-0.0960118120268072,-0.0950455693398057,-0.0950498098630195,-0.0945532076601539,-0.0944841053445598,-0.0939862085002684,-0.093779251004127,-0.0932846196313856,-0.092548265387384,-0.091981602552744,-0.0915885706465277,-0.0913750880818496,-0.0907729893686098,-0.0902576412880254,-0.0897186190758981,-0.0896906013930412,-0.0891393789587155,-0.0886615156570533,-0.0881990358379903,-0.0877013274876202,-0.0874096750171737,-0.0870860841540877,-0.0868158750953402,-0.0866174334372028,-0.0865709047733542,-0.0864622622088026,-0.0864042133788767,-0.0860362846549191,-0.0856823054146681,-0.0854943852125483,-0.0846891372133748,-0.0840862143821458,-0.0836606713593608,-0.0836294495595803,-0.0838383143867261,-0.0831659168394279,-0.0797198087747298,-0.0783210150052257,-0.0768394296666316,-0.076377932100921,-0.0763576805061269,-0.0763739202824152,-0.0764151577062647,-0.0764411109456302,-0.076635744461442,-0.0767289433574269,-0.0767575436331477,-0.0769162893764613,-0.0770904734434622,-0.0777182942282319,-0.0779052314044019,-0.0786840103983635,-0.0788029742546003,-0.0788687927358819,-0.079041095999017,-0.0793333106216917,-0.0794613396290114,-0.0795091751693119,-0.0795793925380997,-0.0797248710484784,-0.0799633591819839,-0.0802876498239067,-0.0811214566995024,-0.0832176868612835,-0.0837143024843843,-0.0843789881007326,-0.0845126210063509,-0.0846324880280443,-0.0846986438457913,-0.0851804813396128,-0.0853012239500309,-0.0854044050223605,-0.0855044391444076,-0.085639679794982,-0.0860789207883859,-0.0862703882640759,-0.0863514205316179,-0.0865098774690641,-0.0867890035725979,-0.0869934752749689,-0.087356669542959,-0.0875523896214625,-0.0876560816778331,-0.0877448976084251,-0.0885885307597679,-0.0890500005637066,-0.0892997000337032,-0.089529141824452,-0.0896460767276933,-0.0897535237212139,-0.0898728795983009,-0.0900374609696838,-0.0902578634536242,-0.0904033820548894,-0.0903933820061461,-0.0903330820417211,-0.0903079578840019,-0.0902663735579687,-0.0903199662962509,-0.0904203289974384,-0.0903834336182492,-0.0902925952343952,-0.0903115735945013,-0.0903753782512794,-0.0905577639766322,-0.0907708648771016,-0.0908841490569881,-0.0910476415833458,-0.0912501112121983,-0.0915115414098301,-0.0915565716077115,-0.0915914347458792,-0.0917028097383454,-0.0921679703429673,-0.0922825557013479,-0.0927685800513219,-0.0929852654248271,-0.0931261034378695,-0.0933406575294207,-0.0936353471379203,-0.0937563908299642,-0.0942915215266815,-0.0944990851080576,-0.0948255252344271,-0.0957588374850519,-0.0960322224603798,-0.0985876643478763,-0.099479677742761,-0.100864846652823,-0.100961185506978,-0.100999140596893,-0.101101846080516,-0.101329970493532,-0.101417378415665,-0.101515722107294,-0.101929923375745,-0.10208598116461,-0.10216455294488,-0.103793755081595,-0.1045107463265,-0.104391151801867,-0.104307208440957,-0.103095555338208,-0.10138056401568,-0.100700387141474,-0.0990420541413356,-0.0987408388348103,-0.0963531831841775,-0.0960553877412082,-0.096115593693588,-0.0962177251406877,-0.0963676261597201,-0.096442509788194,-0.0966045372874013,-0.0966922882156991,-0.096762155802613,-0.0968648796116913,-0.0969122534165248,-0.0974537510923706,-0.0977989952576554,-0.097664742057559],"lat":[51.5736522020517,51.5736765558378,51.5737404932113,51.5737488248573,51.5737619870906,51.5737733519972,51.5737847168548,51.5737933857472,51.5737988810277,51.5738043996762,51.5738081210278,51.5738118657499,51.5738131718331,51.5738151192476,51.5738152927583,51.573815466252,51.5738149984075,51.5738133745961,51.5738117507678,51.5737279872001,51.573643328101,51.5736411095282,51.5736314535763,51.5736235948215,51.5736175332636,51.5736123702643,51.5736109800071,51.5736096131532,51.5736073476544,51.5736059807863,51.5736046139112,51.573603247029,51.5736018801397,51.5736014118811,51.5736018422529,51.5735889835872,51.5736299638656,51.5737451266908,51.5739154441411,51.5739452565248,51.5739744362229,51.5739800472128,51.5740175264427,51.5740276620478,51.5740361643542,51.5740358596838,51.5740372196961,51.5740368058157,51.5740345711675,51.5740314378254,51.5740263117484,51.5740091908736,51.5739947422229,51.5739830126834,51.5739818092348,51.5739784567972,51.5739751043459,51.5739726270682,51.5739701732248,51.5739686180037,51.5739688365906,51.5739693365702,51.5739704537693,51.5739724461379,51.5739753605784,51.5739795871766,51.5739833767381,51.573988088374,51.5739934406219,51.5740035278766,51.5740293682459,51.5741023577564,51.5742191755503,51.5743202628485,51.5743418368729,51.5743571740967,51.5743646046027,51.5743735976385,51.5743861683475,51.5743937058353,51.5743898385074,51.5743815522478,51.5743786513545,51.5743721793664,51.574367481127,51.5743628063329,51.5743470957345,51.5743447817715,51.5743333997343,51.5743202497421,51.5743327604163,51.5743816504783,51.5743943132812,51.5743999514151,51.5744008612931,51.5744004908479,51.574395157121,51.5743813414514,51.5742923591708,51.5743722905119,51.5744555709008,51.5745019837458,51.5744942146241,51.5745176966368,51.5747010830662,51.5747538722745,51.574842509945,51.5748473607302,51.5748764417148,51.575037428525,51.5751199528283,51.5751840943634,51.57518966574,51.575311291732,51.5753641064901,51.5754530911945,51.575640453537,51.5755871513314,51.5755326108108,51.5754994087194,51.5754760601205,51.5754346159653,51.5753618390942,51.5752959401004,51.5752880188208,51.5752665225999,51.5752593571928,51.5751780391059,51.5752343219105,51.5752294271052,51.5751354080623,51.5750785339556,51.5750716291044,51.5749315670782,51.575252614198,51.5753476086322,51.5754923112805,51.5754810074736,51.5753660061275,51.5753444152164,51.5753246924974,51.5753308404146,51.5755542673535,51.5756077527133,51.5756131681383,51.575681724078,51.575685317915,51.5756184645585,51.5756287732897,51.575649178092,51.5756695587432,51.5757055274656,51.5757098291884,51.5756493844829,51.5756241282489,51.5756273192028,51.5756021576716,51.5756406694353,51.5756541419365,51.5756121832785,51.5756324457533,51.5756313576012,51.5756405080547,51.5757004668051,51.5757045096963,51.5756176018572,51.5756049263154,51.5756905446928,51.5758019074855,51.5758798269661,51.575925242296,51.5759644379173,51.5759906076006,51.5760934427939,51.5761414222547,51.5761934258252,51.5762641651826,51.5762686068343,51.5762798296089,51.5763017169131,51.5763570737743,51.5766194995323,51.5767301197874,51.5768622795038,51.5770191055285,51.5771511891054,51.5772450953124,51.577466965944,51.5777842818744,51.5774205516958,51.5768382042794,51.5761623686332,51.5756024924169,51.5754231353233,51.5750222185852,51.5749376693367,51.5744316058368,51.5740697498896,51.5737550587581,51.5735139268044,51.573503047951,51.5732047302903,51.5729393434491,51.5727139252792,51.5725791721276,51.5725248970977,51.5723245680102,51.5718976957714,51.571610911439,51.5713553646622,51.5709931949701,51.5707943734366,51.5706710114912,51.5706080807358,51.5705580887875,51.5705485198954,51.5705379379663,51.5705385980039,51.5704992879461,51.5704574920859,51.570419658847,51.5703627632847,51.5702987742994,51.5701965172545,51.5700731953986,51.5690059367056,51.5687435573868,51.5686629241809,51.568573461706,51.5683934595338,51.5679920001268,51.5677213113052,51.5675765651739,51.5675386201091,51.5674668273862,51.5672146172897,51.5668531232882,51.5663927300896,51.5663173895099,51.5662285936115,51.5659127324962,51.565806191066,51.5657132486177,51.565666268076,51.5653231193217,51.5652384075441,51.5651833870411,51.5645170669877,51.5644562118441,51.5644188406521,51.564379456206,51.5643097829122,51.5642834590895,51.5642571592679,51.5642309074508,51.5642046556329,51.5641775292036,51.5641594609193,51.5641323584923,51.5641052800682,51.5640782256473,51.564050296616,51.5640232902017,51.5639963077907,51.563968474773,51.5639631070949,51.5639433856026,51.5639245867271,51.5639049132408,51.5638861623708,51.5638674115001,51.5638486846316,51.5638299577622,51.5638112548946,51.5637934746419,51.5637747957741,51.5637570155186,51.5637472507786,51.5637241508442,51.563701997524,51.5636798442002,51.5636586134877,51.5636373827711,51.5636162000514,51.5636118029845,51.5634168678645,51.5632443738182,51.5632266654934,51.5632098317843,51.5631920754637,51.5631734205272,51.5631556402079,51.563136937278,51.563118234347,51.5631066483432,51.56309950742,51.5630798578834,51.5630664506557,51.5630467771236,51.563028002205,51.5630082806832,51.5629876845413,51.5629688376388,51.5629481695138,51.5629284000028,51.5629086064975,51.562888788998,51.5628698701125,51.5628500046241,51.5628436903308,51.5628264966903,51.5628084044352,51.562791210794,51.5627739691631,51.5627576501404,51.5627403845134,51.5627240174995,51.5627076264895,51.5626912354783,51.5626757190845,51.5626601786936,51.5626455369148,51.5626308711381,51.5626290499139,51.5626152587526,51.5626014915851,51.5625894976467,51.5625774797086,51.5625654377702,51.5625543184396,51.562543175108,51.5625320077748,51.5625217390513,51.5625114703236,51.5625021002056,51.5624927300833,51.5624833359574,51.5624795735057,51.5624664409183,51.5624541589354,51.5624427995565,51.5624323147807,51.5624218059926,51.5624122198088,51.5624035082258,51.562395671242,51.5623887568629,51.5623858689938,51.5623118198639,51.5622504390501,51.5622321065731,51.5619322079432,51.5617580705068,51.5616899642271,51.5617026168291,51.5617142697618,51.5617367007357,51.5617190672366,51.5616015330671,51.5614380836533,51.5614178419474,51.5613798858354,51.5613666009173,51.5613813015684,51.5614139908967,51.5614425548809,51.5616136052817,51.561716776379,51.5617433651088,51.5617636152598,51.5617797892153,51.5617876270523,51.5617785115777,51.5617127910113,51.5616260649571,51.5614142849481,51.5613139031142,51.5612281880132,51.5611739241309,51.5611607069934,51.5611660402651,51.5611620154059,51.5611681264334,51.5611903774725,51.5612159989504,51.5612681990812,51.5614199701389,51.5614560537332,51.5614782900521,51.5614982706899,51.5615088006862,51.5615118944737,51.5615041925682,51.561454302847,51.5612798570808,51.5612066564562,51.5611579006172,51.5610712633731,51.5608674935856,51.5607197933453,51.5606668667276,51.5606399948009,51.5606212146174,51.5606292403775,51.5606780804321,51.560763234577,51.5609169308158,51.5611127868881,51.5611353039077,51.5611559994995,51.5611757722674,51.5611946222095,51.561212573519,51.5612296261961,51.5612389543447,51.5612550841762,51.5612693925709,51.5612828023307,51.5612952892565,51.5613068775462,51.5613175671999,51.5613273340161,51.5613353035899,51.5613423503235,51.5613439781123,51.5613501504059,51.5613554240625,51.5613599443144,51.5613606976874,51.5613641740705,51.5613580920956,51.5613538682287,51.5613487699553,51.5613384793127,51.5613232139144,51.5612837826745,51.5610719592825,51.5609083582725,51.5608081610568,51.5606762251426,51.5603671516706,51.5602030569097,51.5601423439358,51.5600648253814,51.5599229258909,51.5596921133876,51.559396795335,51.5592380367654,51.5590720648092,51.5589822057065,51.5588778232395,51.558748473996,51.5586564771496,51.5584857435083,51.5582974504487,51.5579274214719,51.557619274257,51.5573726444501,51.5573682245271,51.5573323786525,51.5572787779772,51.5572705689571,51.5570521091082,51.5567574344908,51.5562387998864,51.5554921367544,51.5553399450602,51.5551756567622,51.5540862676659,51.5542109490382,51.5539638023786,51.5537261042874,51.5533922776579,51.552387169879,51.5517089382428,51.5515926047565,51.5515754826417,51.5515747492293,51.5516018653048,51.5515403223655,51.5514246910462,51.5513016538026,51.5511426745207,51.5509798107253,51.5508407466776,51.5506577485433,51.5504822780107,51.5502860160042,51.5500415662644,51.5494002162494,51.5489471687812,51.5483888097092,51.5479159607412,51.5476532720936,51.5475373257182,51.5471297917545,51.5467959916201,51.5462202215291,51.5459547175176,51.5455487394571,51.5452731830325,51.5450949677948,51.5449594468443,51.5448570063915,51.5445361759699,51.5443199944191,51.5438858670651,51.543643171839,51.5433830406414,51.5433641456641,51.5433943928919,51.5433459200105,51.5433938248803,51.54342976296,51.5434655781213,51.543567637871,51.5435942796078,51.5435857260583,51.5435835758778,51.5435176819932,51.5434877933666,51.5434231185111,51.5434054136777,51.5434030830188,51.5433920575178,51.543388293384,51.5433841403549,51.5433479533334,51.5433244408274,51.5432334429965,51.5432702582601,51.5433401300378,51.5433610878566,51.5432449725203,51.5431999197586,51.5431585826621,51.5431215190115,51.5428995217669,51.5427486114475,51.5426632807869,51.5425389149372,51.5424050718468,51.5423323905582,51.5422743067073,51.5422933469519,51.5425699644614,51.542875988002,51.543029450388,51.5431295499747,51.5432384597119,51.5433805730714,51.543482281238,51.5435408528285,51.5437974824056,51.5440834218525,51.5446277084138,51.5446759539318,51.5446859019606,51.5446748194543,51.5446274495667,51.5445984235971,51.5444187792136,51.5443066848432,51.5442131229897,51.5440552666964,51.5436557305349,51.5433629416213,51.5430153466091,51.5424622839144,51.5417943052892,51.5414316585383,51.5414210922039,51.5413489491524,51.5413301616686,51.5412606178441,51.5412122549228,51.5411459986919,51.5407641859153,51.5400952620416,51.5396406502162,51.5386985898678,51.5381021670933,51.5377629950051,51.5374610342336,51.537000354159,51.5365012712376,51.536461689261,51.5364984079771,51.5364839389614,51.5364241930422,51.5361410226031,51.5359057420806,51.5358699315665,51.535832636001,51.535807752904,51.5357917598727,51.5356034306508,51.5354905017896,51.5354962332053,51.5355062285625,51.5355292247754,51.5355842236424,51.5355910186339,51.5356005687825,51.535619440704,51.5356520794926,51.53569630431,51.5357373057991,51.5357789661458,51.5359910413549,51.5361990898524,51.536311189033,51.5363313058515,51.5363973228883,51.5364522798469,51.5364639848004,51.5364726220063,51.536475208153,51.5364705811898,51.5364568481158,51.5363846508329,51.5363300112305,51.5362697403268,51.5362203855237,51.5360844598843,51.5359141946541,51.5357194643617,51.5355309659607,51.5351702088631,51.5349287428114,51.5349721942493,51.5350821934946,51.5351345260386,51.5351626230721,51.5351766426287,51.5351584640169,51.5351215529389,51.5351109644898,51.5350879861688,51.5350846305599,51.53508475,51.5350427330658,51.5349834837841,51.5348183684188,51.5346053452161,51.5344263309917,51.5343417099112,51.5342014842621,51.534111379385,51.5340886243575,51.5340943623017,51.5341240834398,51.5341565810411,51.534231511038,51.5342892101198,51.5343275546951,51.5344287923958,51.5344472413325,51.5346798750467,51.5350147561677,51.5352868926876,51.5354570608282,51.5355163158341,51.5353000971393,51.5350999526186,51.5349911291906,51.5346348209058,51.5342341649652,51.5340986570764,51.5337896077035,51.5336123764336,51.5333896901134,51.5332472490644,51.533184319631,51.5330789313429,51.5329004480694,51.5331759602014,51.533217819952,51.5329364481649,51.5324614235818,51.5320171892734,51.5315038785739,51.5312264238283,51.5311403164423,51.5310931793254,51.5310309566319,51.5310267502796,51.5310027233735,51.5309576014951,51.5309228259722,51.5308763880332,51.5308396933708,51.5306900094865,51.5306463568904,51.5305691484946,51.5303401924706,51.5302133686034,51.5301425899539,51.530012832619,51.5297916507703,51.5294159031964,51.5288053506811,51.5285993495571,51.5284355603784,51.5283931349778,51.5281229496151,51.5278753479424,51.5275029018534,51.5272966574217,51.5271463903968,51.5268719042175,51.5265106974581,51.5263881740445,51.5262740473562,51.5261562788792,51.5259923965263,51.5257311544497,51.5253312154003,51.5242870510023,51.5243215614823,51.5238561648567,51.5235872371821,51.5234848636576,51.523178026654,51.5230393762271,51.5229687148675,51.5228953812262,51.5225516513875,51.5223782612154,51.5222006849707,51.5221516144073,51.5220121087994,51.522211577314,51.5221140429224,51.5219417677387,51.5218533842309,51.5215430875368,51.5215101211485,51.5216707593097,51.521889291349,51.5219534094813,51.52143206874,51.5210218490146,51.5207573529203,51.520732709297,51.5205555926966,51.5203142409595,51.5200682225799,51.5198144085483,51.5203345123723,51.5206297048976,51.5209930762788,51.5216066505714,51.522071332427,51.5224899387321,51.5234009995934,51.5236011610023,51.5239009112833,51.5238977876547,51.5239248582661,51.5244270805152,51.5245116400303,51.5245929224982,51.5248487393819,51.5252054252957,51.5254157783055,51.5258769777458,51.5262034329531,51.525901464336,51.5258644624482,51.5257890602112,51.5258495749412,51.5259194984586,51.525957840142,51.5261076590166,51.5262323056062,51.5268171190178,51.5270691186054,51.5272392241761,51.527315860425,51.5273534794401,51.5273905049749,51.5274427772794,51.5275469861968,51.5277043438624,51.5291934696191,51.5296666962288,51.529791804561,51.5298599611593,51.529925632397,51.530052004149,51.5304644903141,51.5307861896399,51.5313092723211,51.5318610637422,51.5329823720159,51.5331103529358,51.5332326393672,51.5332832272609,51.5336335361832,51.5337046460427,51.5338917185068,51.5338546259029,51.5340380779415,51.5341255396415,51.5343342208819,51.5346684622614,51.5349443100261,51.5351366516099,51.5352419880216,51.5355028653933,51.535757957992,51.5359928792584,51.5360077103129,51.53629278846,51.536547585459,51.5367792506504,51.5370256270764,51.5371377753176,51.5372206259212,51.537268376108,51.5372552477707,51.5374019664417,51.5375512689248,51.5377319712475,51.5387340321024,51.5397812820491,51.5403762188508,51.5423818982071,51.5439295594757,51.5450646602918,51.5452242173001,51.5466034856726,51.5465763148424,51.5463491005795,51.5462416665468,51.5460798026587,51.5463528035918,51.5464226133087,51.5466530885043,51.5469747981675,51.5473169400257,51.5479343211657,51.5481183974922,51.5481584334948,51.5484299124831,51.5486773644391,51.5494205442454,51.5496735993803,51.5509426119111,51.5510632614157,51.5511443726919,51.5513342385574,51.5515881156974,51.5516648495335,51.5516935094083,51.5517387221728,51.5518121443297,51.5518691034374,51.5519094810005,51.5519761772494,51.5521390365916,51.5521291640443,51.5520671793599,51.552045081412,51.5520416428652,51.5520463198883,51.5521135355357,51.552123599371,51.552139671258,51.5521619864633,51.5522046595902,51.5524276462525,51.5525054074291,51.5525337067124,51.5525731604913,51.552624473652,51.552667374887,51.5527434379591,51.5528230648472,51.5528957959017,51.5529449038628,51.5539478274411,51.5538132629523,51.553740893376,51.5539109911784,51.5539776413106,51.5540297488297,51.554073057624,51.5541386845616,51.5541458693395,51.5541500364071,51.5544232459007,51.5549330388853,51.5553606732959,51.5558024277647,51.5566926589085,51.5576717776451,51.557726031422,51.5577937951991,51.5578228801117,51.5579183398909,51.5583169783591,51.5587745675745,51.5589976264565,51.5592619683654,51.5595602163671,51.5599664337927,51.5600624867305,51.5601601727799,51.5602222340008,51.5602765595341,51.5602964076579,51.5604382972491,51.5604660990289,51.5604791790128,51.5604889605027,51.5605144316368,51.5605523682366,51.5607966644605,51.5608701769909,51.5609645037007,51.561174791702,51.5612268884868,51.560837587887,51.5614851110883,51.5624166797295,51.5624937758785,51.5625177706324,51.5625805817281,51.5626804929847,51.5627295675296,51.5627932069246,51.5631020554571,51.5632349708289,51.5632883981157,51.5643218961093,51.5647057694411,51.5647712809899,51.5648121894692,51.5655668600477,51.5666613838322,51.5671251789482,51.5683806521707,51.5686140726379,51.5704341067433,51.5706540871652,51.5706982279318,51.5708095932288,51.5709864792511,51.5710938053053,51.5713949839167,51.5715052162587,51.5715944757755,51.5718299462591,51.571939523553,51.5729680510944,51.5736166100399,51.5736522020517]}]]],null,null,{"lineCap":null,"lineJoin":null,"clickable":true,"pointerEvents":null,"className":"","stroke":true,"color":"#636363","weight":2,"opacity":0.5,"fill":true,"fillColor":["#FFFF00","#FFFF00","#A9A9A9","#A9A9A9","#A9A9A9","#A9A9A9","#A9A9A9","#A0522D","#FFA500","#FFFF00","#FF0000","#FFA500"],"fillOpacity":0.6,"dashArray":null,"smoothFactor":1,"noClip":false},["<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Lambeth<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2132","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Southwark<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1832","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Lewisham<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>613","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Greenwich<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>594","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Wandsworth<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>705","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Hammersmith and Fulham<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>653","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Kensington and Chelsea<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1115","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Westminster<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>6101","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Camden<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2832","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Tower Hamlets<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>1725","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Islington<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>3572","<strong>Borough: <\/strong>Hackney<br><strong>Offences (2016): <\/strong>2762"],null,null,null,null]},{"method":"addLegend","args":[{"colors":["darkgrey","yellow","orange","red","sienna"],"labels":[["594 - 1115"],["1115 - 2132"],["2132 - 2832"],["2832 - 3572"],["3572 - 6101"]],"na_color":null,"na_label":"NA","opacity":0.8,"position":"bottomright","type":"unknown","title":"Number of thefts from the person","extra":null,"layerId":null,"className":"info legend"}]}],"limits":{"lat":[51.4109910919072,51.5777842818744],"lng":[-0.259113080888369,0.124160769862762]}},"evals":[],"jsHooks":[]}</script>
<!--/html_preserve-->
The highest occurences of theft from a person are in Westminster, 6101
records in 2016. This borough contains many of the capitals major
tourist attractions including Buckingham Palace, London Zoo and Covent
Garden.

#### 6.3 Spatial Analysis

Point pattern analysis is the evaluation of the pattern, or
distribution, of a set of points on a surface. It can refer to the
actual spatial or temporal location of these points or also include data
from point sources \[3\].

The first steps are to load addional libraries `raster`, `gridExtra`,
`spatstat` and `tidyverse`, then ensure that the same coordinate
reference system (CRS) is used for both crime points and borough
polygons - WGS84 was selected. The crime data for the inner boroughs for
2016 is filtered to include only burglaries in November 2016 as this
method did not function with the full unfiltered dataset. The
coordinates for the crime locations and boroughs need to be obtained,
these are then plotted to check the process has worked. The bulk of the
workflow in this section is based on \[4\].

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-38-1.png)

    ## [1] 2414    2

    ## [1] 1925    2

Duplicated crime locations must be removed for this technique to be
correctly executed. Due to the 'map points' previously mentioned, many
locations are duplications. When these are removed the dataset reduces
from 2414 to 1925 unique sets of coordinates. Basic statistics are
calculated, mean centre and standard distance for the crime locations,
and plotted with a summary circle created by dividing the circle into
360 points and computing the bearing in radians. The crime location
density is then calculated as 6.4 per km2.

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-39-1.png)

Quadrat analysis was then applied whereby you divide your study area
into subsections of equal size, count the frequency of points in each
subsection and then calculate the frequency of points in each
subsection. Extent for the raster is obtained from the borough polygon,
and then an arbitrary resolution is assigned of 1000. Cells are
identified which lie within the borough boundary, then rasterize is used
to determine frequency of locations in each quadrat.

    ## class       : RasterLayer 
    ## dimensions  : 19, 27, 513  (nrow, ncol, ncell)
    ## resolution  : 1000, 1000  (x, y)
    ## extent      : 521054.9, 548054.9, 169327.4, 188327.4  (xmin, xmax, ymin, ymax)
    ## coord. ref. : +proj=tmerc +lat_0=49 +lon_0=-2 +k=0.999601272 +x_0=400000 +y_0=-100000 +datum=OSGB36 +units=m +no_defs +ellps=airy +towgs84=446.448,-125.157,542.060,0.1502,0.2470,0.8421,-20.4894

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-40-1.png)![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-40-2.png)

    ##      value count
    ## [1,]     0   201
    ## [2,]     1    35
    ## [3,]     2    36
    ## [4,]     3    34
    ## [5,]     4    26
    ## [6,]     5    25

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-40-3.png)

    ## [1] 4.705653

    ##   K   X       Kmu        Kmu2       XKmu2
    ## 1 0 201 -4.705653 22.14317036 4450.777242
    ## 2 1  35 -3.705653 13.73186432  480.615251
    ## 3 2  36 -2.705653  7.32055827  263.540098
    ## 4 3  34 -1.705653  2.90925223   98.914576
    ## 5 4  26 -0.705653  0.49794619   12.946601
    ## 6 5  25  0.294347  0.08664014    2.166004

This indicates that the 201 quadrats with no crime locations at all
include the null ones that lie outside the boroughs. There are 5
quadrats with over 30 different crime locations. The average number of
crime locations per quadrat is 4.7. Statistics can also be calculated
using the quadrat data.

    s2 <- sum(ff$XKmu2) / (sum(ff$X)-1)
    VMR <- s2 / mu

The observed variance s2 is 41.5362375 and the variance to mean ratio
(VMR) is 8.8268806. This is a unit-less statistic describing the spatial
arrangement of points. In general stratified distributions ~ 0, random
distributions = 1 and clustered distributions a VMR of above 1. This
distribution is highly clustered.

Distance based measurements will be carried out requiring a planar
coordinate based system. A `dist` object is created and then coerced to
a matrix, the distances from each point to itself are removed. To get
the minimum distance to another event `apply` can be used.

    ##          1         2         3         4         5
    ## 1    0.000 2328.9164 3490.7732 3418.9726 2069.8328
    ## 2 2328.916    0.0000 1171.4764 1120.9239  828.9643
    ## 3 3490.773 1171.4764    0.0000  155.9122 1798.5964
    ## 4 3418.973 1120.9239  155.9122    0.0000 1802.5113
    ## 5 2069.833  828.9643 1798.5964 1802.5113    0.0000

    ##          1         2         3         4         5
    ## 1       NA 2328.9164 3490.7732 3418.9726 2069.8328
    ## 2 2328.916        NA 1171.4764 1120.9239  828.9643
    ## 3 3490.773 1171.4764        NA  155.9122 1798.5964
    ## 4 3418.973 1120.9239  155.9122        NA 1802.5113
    ## 5 2069.833  828.9643 1798.5964 1802.5113        NA

The mean nearest neighbour distance is 190.0353488 metres. The top 25
most isolated (from their nearest neighour) cases can be identified and
plotted.

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-43-1.png)

The G function is a cumulative frequency distribution of the nearest
neighbor distance. It is the probability for a specified distance, that
the nearest neighbor distance to another event in the pattern will be
less than the specified distance. The maximum distance to a nearest
neighbour is 1176.9604373 metres. The unique distances need to be
calculated for the x-axis and how many cases there are with distances
smaller than each x. These are then normalised between 0 and 1.

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-44-1.png)![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-44-2.png)

With evenly-spaced events G(d) should rise gradually up to the distance
at which most events are spaced, and then increase rapidly. For
clustered events G(d) rises rapidly at short distances, and then levels
off at larger d-values. The distribution is more clustered than evenly
spaced.

The centres of previously defined raster cells are used to compute the F
function. The distance from all crime locations to these cell centres is
calculated, then a similar process to the G function is followed.

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-45-1.png)

For Evenly-spaced events F(d) should rise rapidly up to the distance at
which most events are spaced and then level off (more nearest neighbors
at small distances from randomly placed points). For clustered events
F(d) rises rapidly at short distances, and then levels off at larger
d-values; again indicating a highly clustered distribution in the
dataset. The expected distribution can be computed, then all three
functions plotted together. K is calculated using the original distance
matrix `d`.

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-46-1.png)![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-46-2.png)

Next the spatstat package is used to make a Kernel Density raster.
SpatialPolygons are coerced to an object of class “owin” (observation
window) and coordinates extracted from SpatialPointsDataFrame. The
kernel density was calculated - the number of points per km2 - then
plotted. A marked point pattern object (ppp) is created, the marks must
be coerced to a factor variable.

    ## [1] "owin"

    ## Planar point pattern: 1925 points
    ## window: polygonal boundary
    ## enclosing rectangle: [521054.9, 547612] x [169648, 188327.4] units

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-47-1.png)

    ## [1] "im"

![](Capstone_Final_Report_files/figure-markdown_strict/unnamed-chunk-47-2.png)

K-plots with an envelope were produced for burglary.

    spatstat.options(checksegments = FALSE)
    kburglary <- Kest(spp$"burglary")
    keburglary <- envelope(spp$"burglary", Kest)

    par(mfrow=c(1,2))
    plot(kburglary, xlim=c(0,2500))
    png("kburglary.png")
    plot(keburglary)
    png("keburglary.png")

![kburglary
plot](/Users/Blae/Documents/Work/Data%20Science/Capstone_Project/Final_Report/keburglary.png)

![keburglary
plot](/Users/Blae/Documents/Work/Data%20Science/Capstone_Project/Final_Report/kburglary.png)

In order to determine if population density is a good predictor of
burglary, a Kolmogorov-Smirnov (‘kstest’) test was carried out using
population density as a covariate:

    KS.burglary <- kstest(spp$burglary, ds)
    KS.burglary

This gives the following result: Spatial Kolmogorov-Smirnov test of CSR
in two dimensions data: covariate ‘ds’ evaluated at points of
‘spp$burglary’ and transformed to uniform distribution under CSR D =
0.21068, p-value &lt; 2.2e-16 alternative hypothesis: two-sided

This function performs a goodness-of-fit test of a Poisson point process
model fitted to point pattern data. The observed distribution of the
values of a spatial covariate at the data points, and the predicted
distribution of the same values under the model, are compared. The null
hypothesis is that 2 independent samples are drawn from the same
continuous distribiton. The output reports maximum difference between
the two cumulative distributions (D), and calculates a P value from that
and the sample sizes \[5\]. The P value is small (2.2e-16) so it is
concluded that the two groups were sampled from populations with
different distributions and the null hypothesis is rejected.

### 7. Data Presentation

A combination of interactive chloropleth and KDE maps have been used to
populate a Shiny App for easy access on a smartphone or tablet with a
user friendly interface that allows for simple, easy access and
availability to a large audience. The data used is for bicycle theft
only for the inner London boroughs in 2016. It includes the facility to
click on a map of the boroughs and a coloured circle appears indicating
the density of bicycle thefts which occured in that area.

### 8. Conclusions

Crime rates have been dropping consistently in London from 2011 onwards,
with a anonymously high decrease between 2012 and 2013 noted. However,
certain crimes have shown an increase over that time e.g. violent crime.
There are seasonal patterns in crime present, as evidenced by peaks of
anti-social behaviour correlating to the highest temperature peaks in
the summer season. Bicycle theft is also clearly cyclical with peaks in
the summer and troughs in the winter, against a background of fairly
constant thefts. Burglary has been broadly decreasing since 2012 but a
peak is often visible in the run up to Christmas followed by a sharp
drop in the New Year.

KDE is a valuable method for visualising the density of crimes when
displaying a very large dataset, particular due to the location
anonymisation meaning many crime observations lie immediately on top of
each other. Russel Square and Shoreditch were identified as bicycle
theft hotspots, with Soho and Fitzrovia as burglary hotspots, and Covent
Garden and Soho for theft from the person.

The distribution of crimes across across the inner London boroughs
varies widely. Westminster, with one of the lowest populations, displays
the largest number of crimes at 28.7 per 100 people. Violent crimes peak
in Westminster and Lambeth. There is a clear split between higher values
in central, south and east London, with lower values in north and west
london. Burglaries are also most prevalent in Westminster and Lambeth,
with the lowest in Kensington and Chelsea and Hammersmith and Fulham.

Spatial analysis using point pattern analysis has shown that the most
isolated occurences of burglary tend to occur on the periphery of the
inner London boroughs or within the parks. The dataset is highly
clustered based on the G and F functions, this is further confirmed by
the VMR. The mean nearest neighbour distance is 83m and the maximum
nearest neighbour is 854m. A main constraint of the dataset used is the
lack of unique geographic location resulting in more than half the
records being discounted from the analysis as they are non-unique. The P
value found using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test is very small (2.2e-16) so
it is concluded that the two groups used were sampled from populations
with different distributions and the null hypothesis of a continuous
distribution is rejected.

### 9. Further Work and Recommendations

A potential feature which could be added to the KDE maps in the Shiny
application would be loction services so user could identify current
position automatically and return a risk rating from 1 to 5 for example,
elaborating on the green, orange and red circles. Ideally, the
chloropleth maps should be adjusted to display data normalised by
population, so the effect of population is removed from the records.

If data download constraints were not an issue, a larger dataset
covering all of the London boroughs for the full period from 2011-2017
could be used. This would provide a more thorough overview of crime
patterns across London. Ideally, the dataset would include the day of
the month the crime occurred as a minimum, and ideally the time of day
too, plus the specific location, as made available within crime datasets
in other cities. This additional granularity would widen the scope for
machine learning methods such as forecasting to be used.

The client focus was threefold for this project, the local residents,
the tourists and the Met Police. There are several recommendations which
can be made as a result of the work carried out:

1.  The Shiny could be made publicly available to encourage both
    residents and tourists to check crime hotspots. This would support
    their aim of making London the safest global city and puts data
    directly into the hands of the general public, allowing them to take
    informed decisions.

2.  For tourists, always be on high alert for pickpockets when visiting
    tourist attractions in Westminster, especially the areas around Soho
    and Covent Garden, and when visiting Shoreditch.

3.  For local residents, think twice before locking your bike up in the
    area around the universities in Russell Square or Shoreditch -
    there's a far greater risk of it getting stolen here than elsewhere,
    always make sure to lock up your car in the summer and if they're
    looking for the 'safest' inner London borough then move to
    Wandsworth which had only 9.66 crimes per 100 people in 2016,
    compared to Westminster's 28.7 crimes per 100 people.

### 10. References

\[1\]Identifying hotspots:an assessment of common techniques, Spencer
Chainey, UCL Jill Danda Institue of Crime Science
<http://www.ucl.ac.uk/jdi/events/int-CIA-conf/ICIAC11_Slides/ICIAC11_1C_SChainey>

\[2\] Making Maps with R, Eric Anderson
<http://eriqande.github.io/rep-res-web/lectures/making-maps-with-R.html>

\[3\] An Introduction to Point Pattern Analysis
<http://gispopsci.org/point-pattern-analysis/>

\[4\] Point Pattern Analysis from R Spatial
<http://rspatial.org/analysis/rst/8-pointpat.html>

\[5\] Interpreting results: Kolmogorov-Smirnov test from GraphPad
Software
<https://www.graphpad.com/guides/prism/7/statistics/interpreting_results_kolmogorov-smirnov_test.htm>
